Indiana gov's ban on Syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home 

David Vetter died at 12 having lived his short life entirely in a plastic bubble 

Remember the poor. Respect the youth. Protect the unborn. The pope's message in Kenya. 

Why are student protesters so fearful? 

When will these massacres and the families they destroy matter enough to politicians to enact sensible gun laws? 

Breaking News: The House has voted to back stringent screening on Syrian and Iraqi refugees, defying a veto threat 

Chicago officials released a dashcam video of the killing of a black 17-year-old in 2014. 

Trump has no solution for his followers' desperate angst. All he's done is give the marginalized permission to hate. 

What makes the way Donald Trump talks so distinctive -- and so prone to insults and aggrandizing? 

Are good doctors bad for your health? 

Watch live footage from the Paris suburb of St.-Denis after a raid aimed at detaining a suspect in Friday's attacks 

Top Republicans are worried that Trump could lead to an electoral wipeout. But they're afraid to take him on. 

In stunning short films, top actors pay homage to the ultimate Hollywood magic trick 

Trump's take on de Blasio? "The worst mayor in the U.S." 

Marco Rubio has abruptly changed the course of his campaign to zero in on Ted Cruz 

In Paris, museums and theaters are coming back to life. But security concerns haven't made that easy. 

Politicians "appear to be ignoring the Americans who need their attention most: the deeply, persistently poor" 

The Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 

Chicago police officer charged with 1st-degree murder in the death of a black teen, who was reportedly shot 16 times 

Bill De Blasio's plan would limit, not ban, carriage horses in Central Park 

The U.S. military has suspended several service members over last month's Kunduz hospital strike 

35th anniversary of John Lennon's death absorbed online into a debate about gun violence 

The peculiar ascent of Bill Murray to pop icon 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the Paris attacks suspect killed in a shootout, had plotted terror for 11 months 

The U.S. women's soccer team refuses to play on turf it calls unsafe. Men only play on sod. 

Some presidential candidates are trying a new tactic to break through the din: cursing 

Tashfeen Malik remains largely a mystery to her relatives in Pakistan, who have responded to her actions with shock 

Donald Trump's call to bar Muslims drew condemnation from around the world 

See where the airstrikes in Raqqa were in the days after the Paris attacks 

He rescued a pregnant woman hanging out a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage. 

Melvin Williams, an inspiration for "The Wire," died on Thursday in Baltimore. He was 73. 

Why won't Americans eat "ugly" produce? 

Patrol officers, often likely to arrive first at a shooting, are being trained to head into unfolding attacks 

Paris on edge as questions remain about suspect's fate 

NYT theater critics share their picks for the best shows of the year 

Meet the Hong Kong jeweler behind the creation of what has been called the world's most expensive diamond necklace 

Updated: Gunmen wound multiple people at a center for people with disabilities in San Bernardino. Some feared dead. 

Social Q: What to do when you feel rejected by a friend who turns down your Thanksgiving dinner invitation. 

Ben Carson supporters cite "vulgar, personal attacks" in seeking campaign donations 

Trump doesn't need to persuade his supporters to mistrust Muslims. Most already do. 

French return to cafes in a show of defiance, a modern-day symbol of "la résistance" 

A Syrian town scarred by ISIS is trying to rebuild — and there are signs of life 

A hazard of being a college basketball coach — losing your voice. Anyone have a lozenge? 

The murky origins of the largest dinosaur museum in the world 

Writer Linda Wallem's tricks to fight Hollywood sexism: "I'd wear my cowboy boots, not heels. They click louder." 

Bomb experts analyze the ISIS soda-can bomb photo 

ISIS wasn't the deadliest terror group in the world last year. It was Boko Haram. 

By 2010, ISIS was gutted by U.S. and Sunni tribesmen. How it rose again from the shadows more brutal and determined 

Beijing has closed schools and limited traffic as it operates under a red alert for smog 

The toll of Chinese imports on Nigerian manufacturing is fanning worries about Boko Haram 

Seeking a holiday special for the disillusioned and dejected? Look no further. 

For 5 nights, this decommissioned rail line in NYC became home to a hidden speakeasy 

Fantasy sports' real crime: Dehumanizing the athletes 

Foo Fighters have released a free EP and turned it into a tribute to victims of the Paris attacks 

He lost his sisters and 13 close friends in the Paris attacks 

The White House affirmed its Syrian refugee plan despite the Paris attacks 

.@narendramodi could make or break Obama's climate legacy 

In the G.O.P. primary, a strenuous itinerary does not necessarily mean strong poll numbers 

If it's a lie too vile to utter aloud, count on Trump to say it, often. 

Beijing issues red alert over air pollution for the first time. 

What does it take for a mass shooting to be called terrorism? 

Gov. Jerry Brown of California issues statement on the San Bernardino shooting 

She runs a secret network of safe houses in Iraq. The women who come to it have been to the edge of hell and back. 

Our digital culture has a bad case of analog fever. 

Nohemi Gonzalez, killed in the Paris attacks, had been pursuing her dreams in design 

Some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee. It may lower your risk of death. 

The newest of China's smog worries: Counterfeit masks 

Breaking News: Mayor Rahm Emanuel has fired Chicago's police superintendent amid criticism over a police shooting 

How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? 5 questions to test your math skills. 

One of our most-popular pieces of 2015: The best and worst places to grow up in America 

Hasna Aitboulahcen once liked to stay out late partying. She died battling French police. 

Indonesia cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of AirAsia Flight 8501 

In other countries, you're as likely to be killed by a falling object as by a gun 

Last night's 'Hail Mary' win by the Packers was another blow for longtime Lions fans 

Attacks show how ISIS inspires terror 

The Laquan McDonald video gave a chilling depiction of the fatal shooting, which occurred in a matter of seconds 

When news broke of the attacks in Paris, a photographer biked to one of the main targets. This is what he saw. 

A standout UNC athlete, he slipped into a life of mental illness and homelessness. He died with $13 in his pocket. 

Just posted: @HamiltonMusical will begin open-ended production in Chicago next fall 

Details of the Bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a Paris trash can 

Social Q's: How to respond to unwanted presents 

On Sunday's episode of #TheWalkingDead, things got intense in Alexandria. Spoilers ahead. 

Compensating NFL players who might develop brain disease met with skepticism 

Breaking News: With Chicago set to release video of a black youth's death, a police officer was charged with murder 

Faced with another bloody massacre, Senate Republicans killed a measure to keep guns away from suspected terrorists. 

Coal is in trouble, and that might be good news for a warming world 

A Chicago police officer will face no charges in the shooting death of a 25-year-old black man named Ronald Johnson 

The Nets' disastrous deal with the Celtics keeps getting worse 

One of our widely shared stories of 2015: The radical vision of author Toni Morrison 

Breaking News: Oscar Pistorius has been found guilty of murder by a South African appeals court 

5 killed in Tel Aviv and the West Bank by Palestinian attackers 

Breaking News: French police, seeking the planner of Friday's attacks, arrested 5 people in a raid 

Donald J. Trump's proposal is awful. But it's not unconstitutional. 

Best cheap eats in NYC for 2015 

History, luxury, terror: why fashion in France matters even in the face of tragedy - 

After 12,000 years, these frozen lion cubs still have their fur 

Joe Biden's anticorruption message in Ukraine is undermined by his son's business connections 

In these hard times, how do you talk to your kids about being Muslim? 

The 2016 profanity primary: Gone are the days of "H-E-double-hockey-sticks." 

Macau's casinos are struggling amid China's economic slowdown and corruption crackdown. 

New York's tactical shift on terror attacks: Don't wait for backup 

Students' protests may play a role in a Supreme Court case on race in admissions 

The Republicans have a big New Hampshire problem. 

The former State Senate majority leader Dean G. Skelos and his son were found guilty of all eight corruption charges 

What we know about the attack on a hotel in Mali. Follow our live blog for updates: 

Pecan pie truffles may be the most intense holiday goodie you've ever tried 

A Muslim college student describes her fear after the Paris attacks: 

Paris is coming to terms with the idea that the Nov. 13 attacks are unlikely to be the last 

The gun industry recklessly markets military weapons tailored for the civilian homefront. 

San Bernardino police identify second suspect in shooting: Tashfeen Malik 

"I love the B-52. But the fact that this is still flying is really insane." 

This rugelach recipe goes rogue with the fillings (via 

At 80, the Dalai Lama is still an international icon. But the future of his office has never been more in doubt. 

The hunt for red mercury, the "doomsday weapon" that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 

In a service tinged with solemnity and defiance, Paris mourns the 130 victims of attacks 

Good Sunday reading: Momentum builds for taxing consumption instead of income. 

OMG! We literally can't even. (Welcome to death by Internet hyperbole.) 

Business are changing their names, and children named Isis are crying from taunts. 

Watch live: French prosecutor speaks on suspect in Paris attacks 

The broken dreams of Nohemi Gonzalez, a young American woman killed in the Paris attacks. My story. 

Ben Carson, mispronouncing "Hamas," fails to impress a Republican Jewish group 

Scott Weiland, who died in his sleep Thursday night, was a rock singer precisely of his time 

The Paris attacks have awakened a patriotic fervor in France not seen in decades 

A skateboard with an electric motor is this year's must-have gift. What could go wrong? 

Matthieu Mauduit, whose brother died at the Bataclan, has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 

Scott Weiland, former singer of Stone Temple Pilots, died at 48 

They left Syria for a "beautiful life" in Michigan. But after the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 

There's a reason aspiring bomb makers have never found red mercury. @cjchivers reports 

French Amb. Gerard Araud is very French but not very diplomatic. His role post-Paris attacks 

"Love" and disbelief follow Donald Trump meeting with black leaders 

Puerto Rico has met a deadline for repaying $354 million in debt, avoiding its first major default 

Muslims in New York and elsewhere are dealing with a backlash after terrorist attacks. 

Breaking News: Police in Colorado Springs have detained the suspect who was holed up in a Planned Parenthood clinic 

Obama's call for preventing terrorism suspects from getting guns puts Republican presidential candidates on the spot 

The effects the terror attacks are having on commerce in Paris and the eurozone: 

A 23-year-old white man has been arrested in connection with an overnight shooting at a Black Lives Matter protest 

ISIS was considered such a small threat in 2011 that the U.S. dropped the bounty on one of its leaders to $100,000 

Drone photos provide a sense the long, arduous journey migrants are making across Europe 

Jared Fogle, former Subway pitchman, gets 15-year prison term for sex acts with minors and child pornography 

Scott Weiland, former singer of Stone Temple Pilots, dies at 48 

Kobani, a town scarred by ISIS and turned into a battleground, is trying to rebuild 

The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart. It's the work of a 15-year-old in Ohio. 

The leader of a Taliban splinter group allied with the Islamic State has been killed 

New charges in FIFA case expected to hit South and Central American soccer officials particularly hard. 

Dick Cheney's chiseled likeness will be immortalized in the Senate with a traditional bust 

First thing to know about Abdelhamid Abaaoud, target of this morning's Paris raid: his own family wants him dead. 

Franklin Roosevelt's granddaughter criticized Donald Trump for his remarks about Muslims 

When the U.S. withdrew from Iraq, it thought it had subdued ISIS. The group is now on a very different trajectory. 

A Philippine court convicted a U.S. Marine of homicide in the killing of a transgender woman last year 

U.S. investigators are struggling to track homegrown ISIS suspects 

The pope denounces injustice and "new forms of colonialism" after a visit to a Kenyan slum. 

Marine Le Pen is reaping the political fruits of fear in France 

To understand the unusual power of Donald Trump's words, we analyzed 95,000 of them 

The victims of the Paris attacks included an architect, a student, and music fans. Here are some of their stories. 

Woodrow Wilson has been central to Princeton. But talk of his racist views is complicating his legacy on campus 

A most fascinating story of massive student debt -- and the role the federal government plays in letting it pile up. 

Millions are without power in Crimea, where authorities have declared a state of emergency 

Oscar Pistorius has been granted bail ahead of being sentenced for killing his girlfriend 

How Switzerland's privacy laws have come into play in the US' #FIFA corruption case, keeping info. out of reach: 

The murky laws surrounding hoverboards 

The name Negan is sure to send shivers of excitement and fear into fans of The Walking Dead comic books 

We lose to ISIS by turning inward, against one another & away from our ideals. We lose by losing ourselves. Column, 

After Paris attacks, anxiety returns to the surface in New York 

They left Syria for a "beautiful life" near Detroit. After the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 

"No more baby parts," the suspect in the Planned Parenthood shooting rampage is said to have told police 

A call for more "resilience" has become a cleverly coded way to shame those speaking out against injustices. 

U.S. will add a third level to warnings of terrorism 

Sheldon Silver was found guilty on all counts in a federal corruption trial 

An art world mystery worthy of Leonardo da Vinci 

How different would Thanksgiving be if pumpkins and squash had gone extinct? 

Miley Cyrus employs "excess like a blunt utensil, bludgeoning the senses again and again" 

A neurotic's guide to small talk 

To defeat ISIS, Muslim states must stop enabling mosques, imams & groups that fuel extremism 

Parisians won't admit they go to the gym, let alone that they're scared of terrorists. 

Terrorists mock Silicon Valley's efforts to crack down on use of social media. 

On this day 35 years ago, John Lennon was killed outside his apartment building—he was 40. 

She's become Beijing's worst nightmare 

Nicholas Thalasinos, one of the 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting, was the gunman's coworker 

Don't worry, be unhappy 

Six raids are being conducted in Brussels in relation to one of the dead Paris attackers 

Chinese schools have been ordered to move away from teaching Tibetan. Tibetans fear their culture will be wiped out. 

Chipotle shares take another hit after Boston College athletes fall ill 

The microcomplaint: nothing too small to whine about 

Port Authority to pay part of Murdoch companies' rent to lure them downtown 

Who is turning blue states red? @AlecMacGillis on the non-voting poor. 

Obamacare is an imperfect system, but it's workable — and it's working, writes @NYTimeskrugman 

Similar criminal allegations, same 5-star hotel, different soccer officials, more arrests: 2.0 in the US #FIFA case: 

Did Donald Trump predict the Sept. 11 attacks like he claimed? @nytpolitics fact-checks him. 

"There's no point in hiding it. There is a real threat" in Brussels. 

Is the outrage over President Obama's reaction to the Paris attacks overrated? 

Two suspects were killed about 3.5 miles from the site of the San Bernardino shooting. 

The possibility of Clinton becoming president is only marginally more palatable to voters than that of Trump 

My look at the online hothouse where ISIS supporters grow, with @mattapuzzo and @EricSchmittNYT 

As our screens have shrunk, online advertisements have grown ever more annoying 

We fact checked Donald Trump's claim that he witnessed cheering of the Sept. 11 attacks 

Like Romney, Jeb Bush is awkward and goofy. But his team wants to avoid Romney's mistakes 

Hillary Clinton has an image problem that she cannot seem to shake 

This quiet data cruncher is emerging as an unlikely rock star of Argentina's election season 

Terror attacks and threats can heighten our feelings of anxiety. If that sounds familiar, here's how to cope 

The schemes that got former NY state speaker Sheldon Silver convicted of corruption. 

Facebook is testing new tools to make breaking up easier to do 

Accused Colorado gunman left behind a trail of disputes and occasionally violent acts 

"Hamilton" will have an open-ended production in Chicago starting next fall 

After the San Bernardino massacre, GOP candidates' silence on gun policy speaks volumes 

Why Coney Island has provided "an interesting kind of crazy" for 150 years 

How DO all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose? @garyrudoren investigates 

The band Eagles of Death Metal makes a statement on the Paris attacks. Read it in full: 

Tulsi Gabbard is a workout warrior, yogi, combat veteran and Obama critic 

The terrorist attack near the Stade de France has made sports officials around the world feel newly vulnerable 

In more than 99% of misconduct complaints against Chicago police officers in 2015, there has been no discipline 

Much of the world agrees that ISIS needs to be crushed. But how that can be accomplished is a lot more complicated. 

Since 1993, attacks on abortion providers have resulted in the deaths of 11 people 

Donald Trump has responded to the outcry over his call to ban Muslims from the U.S. 

A woman hiding out in an apartment in St.-Denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 

"Please, Lord: Help us." Inside the Inland Regional Center: The story of the terrorist attack that left 14 dead. 

Getting "ugly" produce onto tables so they stay out of the trash 

2015 was supposed to be a year of new beginnings for Robert Hinton. He was killed Friday. 

Americans are deeply fearful of another terrorist attack, lifting Donald Trump in a New York Times/CBS poll 

From the archives: I found our Rockwell-esque Thanksgiving banal. But for my immigrant parents, it was anything but. 

Coal is in trouble, and that could be good news for a warming world 

A new project aims to identify and recreate ancient wines drunk by the likes of King David and Jesus Christ 

``Burundi's war, if anything, is a dirty war.'' The dynamics driving the violence and fear in Burundi. 

Breaking News: A prominent coal executive has been convicted of conspiracy in a deadly West Virginia mine blast 

Good news for the grumpy: unhappiness doesn't increase your risk of dying 

Gunmen shot 5 people at a Black Lives Matter protest in Minneapolis 

In a testy exchange, Donald Trump interrupts and "Morning Joe" cuts to commercial 

Spain arrests terrorism suspect in plot against Swedish artist. 

End the gun epidemic in America 

Seen all 10 episodes of "Man in the High Castle"? Talk about it with critic @poniewozik 

World leaders have 12 days to agree on plans to slow global warming. Updates on #COP21: 

San Bernardino suspect's relative expresses shock, but no hints on motive 

Why the animosity directed at the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative? @jbarro walks you through the tax law. 

The planet's neediest billionaire is aiding our enemies, writes @frankbruni. 

Belgium lowered its terror attack alert level for Brussels 

How to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic gag 

For Muslim members of Congress, Trump's call represents a stark affront. 

BREAKING: New wave of arrests in widespread FIFA corruption scandal. Live updates from scene in Zurich. 

Boos overtake laughs as Donald Trump stumbles on Jerusalem before key Jewish donors 

In upset, John Bel Edwards defeats David Vitter in Louisiana governor's race 

San Bernardino officer who trained for the worst and faced it: "This was actually happening" 

Tashfeen Malik passed 2 rounds of criminal and national security background checks to obtain a "fiancé visa" 

A dumb phone could be the best option for your child's first phone 

The Supreme Court has refused to hear a challenge to an assault weapons ban in Illinois 

Where they shared their working hours, and their dying moments 

Ben Carson said he was mistaken in saying he saw Muslims cheering in New Jersey on Sept. 11 

Two weeks after the Paris terrorist attacks, France observes a national day of mourning 

Brussels is on high alert as authorities hunt for suspects linked to the Paris attacks 

Kobe Bryant's decline puts the Lakers on the wrong side of history 

Good TV moms, indifferent TV moms, confused TV moms, condemnable TV moms — take your pick 

This raspberry rose rugelach recipe goes a bit rogue with the fillings 

France shut down three mosques and four Muslim prayer rooms out of concern they were contributing to radicalization 

The sobering cost of New York City's building boom: Construction deaths have surged. 

A group wants to honor the 146 workers who died in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire: 

The doomsday weapon that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 

The news media's grim playbook on mass shootings 

After the Paris attacks, vigils became gathering places for Parisians to turn sadness into strength 

After the Paris attacks, regulating the flow of refugees in Europe has gained urgency 

The good news about the Jets: How well they tend to play after halftime. The bad: They have to play the first half. 

Full statement from #Paris prosecutor on ongoing raid in #SaintDenis related to #Paris attacks 

ISIS was born out of America's Camp Bucca prison in Iraq, the perfect place to build an army 

Vanishing glaciers & Asia water crisis. My report from Mengke Glacier. 

Obama has ordered an inquiry into accusations that intelligence reports on ISIS were altered 

Are charter schools effective? It's complicated. 

Why would an 82-year-old man kill his son, his daughter, his wife and himself? 

Twitter responds to a knife attack in a London subway station with #YouAintNoMuslimBruv 

Review: Ailey Company begins dancing a prison tale 

Accused Colorado gunman left behind trail of disputes and occasionally violent acts 

Google's new tools to help people find directions without the fear of data overage charges 

What does losing 150 lbs by tracking everything you eat look like? 

"White Student Union" Facebook groups set off concerns at college campuses 

Is this a long-lost Leonardo masterpiece, or the work of a notorious forger? 

‘South Park' is sketching grander satirical themes this season 

A missing Maryland college student is found dead in an apparent suicide 

San Bernardino, already struggling with bankruptcy and decay, is traumatized by a siege and bloody shootout 

"Sick passenger": A hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 

Russian truckers, irate over new tolls, are blocking roads near Moscow 

Two weeks after the Paris attacks, France is gearing up for a monumental security challenge 

For addicts, fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 

Robert Dear, suspect in Colorado Planned Parenthood attack, appears in court 

Laquan McDonald, 17, was fatally shot by a Chicago police officer in 2014. Video of shooting was ordered released 

Greenhouse emissions rose only slightly in 2014 and appear to be on track to decline in 2015 

#COP21 is nearing its deadline. In 2009, similar talks on a climate accord came to a murky end 

ISIS wives and enforcers in Syria recount collaboration, anguish and escape 

C. Gerald Fraser, a former NYT reporter, dies at 90 

A new wave of arrests in the widespread soccer corruption scandal includes two FIFA vice presidents 

A rare night out in Paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

After attack, Republicans keep hammering Planned Parenthood 

A Honduran deportee returns to the country that he tried so hard to escape. 

Obama urged Americans not to give in to fear or resort to discrimination against Muslims 

Pursue a lost love? Readers debate the wisdom of trying to find the one who got away. 

How America's late-night TV hosts responded to the Paris terrorist attacks. 

The top levels of Venezuela's government have increasingly been split among rival factions 

Breaking News: Justice Dept. is expected to investigate the Chicago police after the killing of a black teenager 

.@BretEastonEllis on a time when you could be opinionated without being called a troll. 

A Chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around Beijing's landmarks 

LATEST: 16 more soccer officials are charged in FIFA corruption scandal after raid in Zurich 

Teams from France and England paid tribute to victims of the Paris attacks before a match 

A Justice Dept. vs. Koch brothers showdown with Congress and the White House in the middle. 

Acute mountain sickness can be serious, and not all remedies are equal 

Volkswagen today gave the most detailed explanation yet of the emissions scandal. @JackEwingNYT analyzes it 

8 short word games, from easy to hard, that can be played with your whole family 

Between the record heat and very dry conditions, Australia could have an intense fire season 

Donald Trump's Republican rivals condemn his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. 

Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief 

Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief. 

Breaking News: 35% of Republicans support Trump in Times/CBS News poll; two-thirds of Americans express concern 

Victims of the Paris attacks came from 19 countries. Nohemi was a first-generation Mexican-American from California 

The Ebola crisis has subsided, but the fallout over how health care workers were treated during the crisis continues 

Connecticut Gov. Malloy, on his order to ban those on federal terror lists from buying guns 

A winter squash soup with a hint of ginger 

New diabetes cases, at long last, begin to fall in the U.S. 

Chinese glacier's retreat signals trouble for Asian water supply 

Ted Cruz's disturbing views on climate change (and other things), from @nytopinion 

What should you do the event of a terrorist attack? Britain issues advice 

30 young men helped Liberia eradicate Ebola by burning bodies. Now, they are shunned by society 

Debating Hollande's ‘war' response to the Paris attacks 

Attackers suspected of being jihadists killed 3 people at a U.N. base in Mali 

High-impact contact sports, like football, can cause brain damage. They are not for kids. 

As police closed in on SUV, chaos came to a suburban Southern California 

Who's being fined for water use in dry California? Stingy users, not the rich water hogs. 

Michael Gross, who designed the "Ghostbusters" logo, died at age 70 

Border Patrol traffic checkpoints, up to 100 miles north of Mexico, confine undocumented immigrants to a small world 

How to balance economic growth with environmental concerns? Germany may have an answer. 

The mass shooting in San Bernardino has the U.S. rethinking strategy on homegrown terror 

What will it take to destroy ISIS? Experts from around the world weigh in. 

The plight of Syrian refugees hits home with Japanese-Americans. One man recalls life at a U.S. internment camp: 

The jury has begun deliberations in the corruption case against Dean Skelos and his son Adam 

Starbucks prospers by keeping pace with the coffee snobs 

Eagles of Death Metal, the band onstage at the Bataclan during the Paris attacks, has spoken out in a new interview 

Tashfeen Malik attended conservative religious school in Pakistan 

A photographer explores the relationship between humans and animals. It's complicated. 

Obama urged Americans not to give in to fear or language that casts suspicion on all Muslims 

More than 5,000 answered the question: Do you worry about the possibility of a shooting? 

Britain has had to contend with two threats recently: terrorist strikes and rain. 

A heartbreaking story of a corner bistro in Paris where 19 people died 

The FBI is now treating the San Bernardino shooting by a husband and wife as an act of terrorism 

Chicago's police chief has been fired after criticism of his handling of the police shooting of Laquan McDonald 

Modern Love: The 5 stages of ghosting grief 

Obama: No known terror threat to the U.S. before Thanksgiving 

Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police. It's a crime that's hard to stop. 

Burkina Faso, a year after an uprising toppled the president, goes to the polls on Sunday: 

The sport of curling has been swept by a controversy over high-tech brooms 

Migrants arriving in Germany are facing a chaotic reception in Berlin 

Looking for a break from the campaign? Stay away from the TV 

France has been wounded. The solution is not to become more like its enemies. 

Google picks Diane Greene to expand its cloud business 

How a radical feminist T-shirt came to have an Internet fashion moment 

Paris and Mali attacks expose lethal Al Qaeda-ISIS rivalry. 

The officer killed in Colorado, Garrett Swasey, was a father of 2 and had been a nationally ranked figure skater 

Beijing's first-ever red alert for heavy smog is causing anger and confusion in China 

The U.S. has released Jonathan Pollard, who was conviced ot spying on behalf of Israel, after 30 years in prison 

Frank Sinatra gave men license to cry without shame 

Urgent prayers and panic amid gunfire: Survivors of the San Bernardino attack recall a day of terror 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud's 11-month plot to terrorize Europe 

To make "Master of None" feel authentic, @AzizAnsari & Alan Yang filmed where they hang out 

How the Paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error 

Curling, the ice sport with brooms, is roiled in controversy over — what else? — the brooms. 

"Mass shootings" and "massacres." When do they get called "terrorism"? By @rickgladstone 

One of the last northern white rhinos has died in San Diego 

Did the Paris attacks change your views on individual rights & security? Join the debate: 

Robert L. Dear Jr., the Planned Parenthood shooting suspect, was charged with 179 counts 

Eagles of Death Metal return to Bataclan for first time since Paris attacks 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged ringleader of the Paris attacks, was confirmed dead after forensic tests 

Paul Krugman: Republicans' panic over Syrian refugees fits a pattern 

Two victims of Daniel Holtzclaw, the Oklahoma police officer convicted of rape, speak out 

For many, Thanksgiving is one big excuse to eat lots of stuffing (

Photos from the early-morning raid north of Paris. 2 people died and 7 were arrested 

Death toll from hajj stampede reaches 2,411 in new estimate 

Weather-related disasters have killed more than 600,000 people in the past 2 decades 

Robert Durst is being sued for $100 million by his first wife's family in her disappearance 

Solving a mystery that left Aristotle wondering. 

Worried about the erosion of Tibetan culture, one man takes his concerns to Beijing: 

Holiday gift ideas curated by New York Times editors and critics 

New York police officer fatally shoots man after a car and foot chase 

Breaking News: Authorities have begun more arrests as part of an investigation into corruption among FIFA officials 

In 1970, a group of Vietnam War protesters tried to blow up NYU's most expensive computer 

Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 

Sleeping in feels so good, but may be unhealthy 

A firebomb attack on a Cairo nightclub killed at least 16 people 

Officials are scrutinizing Enrique Marquez, who bought the 2 assault rifles used in the San Bernardino attack 

Top Republicans worry Trump could be nominated, causing a major electoral loss. But they're afraid to take him on 

Black Friday has offered deals for some, but silence and disappointment for others 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, an ISIS militant from Belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

Paris prosecutor confirms Abdelhamid Abaaoud is among the dead. His identity was confirmed through forensic testing. 

Republican presidential candidates seize on California attack as proof of terror threat 

The House voted overwhelmingly to slap stringent new screening procedures on refugees from Syria 

Chicken salad from Costco implicated in E. coli infections 

A chilling dashcam video of the fatal shooting of a black 17-year-old was released by Chicago officials 

Genital injuries are a silent war wound for hundreds of men. That's why doctors will soon attempt a penis transplant 

"Rocky" vs. "Creed": a critical comparison of the two movies: 

At a cafe struck in the Paris terror attacks, patrons raise a glass in defiance 

Boko Haram is suspected in a deadly explosion at a Nigerian market filled with shoppers stocking up for dinner 

We updated our college football playoff scenarios, after losses by Ohio St. and Okla St. Notre Dame is in, as of now 

The Mets lost the World Series, but they'll still probably get rings. On one of baseball's quirks: 

At least 3 people are dead after gunmen stormed a hotel in Mali and seized 170 hostages 

Why punish drug users at all? 

As the Durst Organization turns 100 years old, Robert Durst casts a long, dark shadow 

Editorial Board: Princeton should erase the name of Woodrow Wilson, an unrepentant racist 

The Tony Awards will be delayed by a week next year, and will return to the Beacon Theater 

The 1st major gay rights showdown since Houston rejected its anti-discrimination ordinance is shaping up in Florida 

Freddie Gray's death wouldn't have been ruled a homicide if he'd been taken to a hospital 

At Princeton, addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove Woodrow Wilson's name 

Donald Trump's rivals condemn his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. 

The shooting of an unarmed black man by a Minneapolis officer led to a tense standoff between police and protesters 

More than half of all community college students experience food and housing insecurity. 

The backlash against Syrian refugees recalls dark memories for Japanese-Americans 

Fathering a child could soon be possible for an American soldier with a horrific war injury 

No, kissing bugs are not a new scourge 

As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best TV shows of 2015 

California judge orders frozen embryos destroyed after man challenges ex-wife's right to use them 

How the organizer of the Paris attacks slipped through authorities' hands 

Special Report: The suspect in the Colorado rampage was a recluse who longed for women, and mixed religion with rage 

After Donald Trump hosted "SNL," several of his GOP rivals filed complaints about receiving equal airtime 

Attacks such as the one in Paris upend the previous view held by the U.S. that ISIS was a regional threat 

A picture is emerging of the couple suspected of the California shooting that left 14 dead 

A brawl broke out (again) in Ukraine's Parliament 

Breaking News: One suspect in the California massacre has been killed and another has been wounded in a shootout 

Fried pickles, Princess Bride at church, broken promises of taco pizza. Ted Cruz's weekend in Iowa. 

One suspect detained in San Bernardino shooting. Number of injured is now 17. Live updates: 

Does a mother's love obscure her objectivity? 

The Islamic State killed 6,073 people last year. Boko Haram killed even more. 

Beijing issues a red alert over air pollution for the first time. Residents brace for "airpocalypse." 

The family of an American killed in Benghazi is waiting for the CIA to fulfill a promise it made a year ago 

In the days after an attack in Mali, life goes on with little evidence of increased security 

A top coal executive was found guilty of conspiring to violate mine safety regulations in the deaths of 29 miners 

The dubious accounting behind the world's carbon budget 

Why do we struggle to sympathize with large numbers of victims? 

She's sometimes played the errant spouse. In her new film she's reformed 

The cascade of errors that led to US airstrike on MSF hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. 

Paris is slowly coming to terms with a new vulnerability 

How the page 1 editorial on the gun epidemic came together 

Northern Mali fell under the control of Islamist militants in 2012, but a French-led offensive ousted them in 2013. 

He rescued a woman hanging from the window of the Bataclan. Then he survived a 2-hour hostage standoff. 

CNN airs film about sexual assaults on college campuses despite legal threat from an NFL player's lawyer 

New York City Transit's new president will focus on booming subway ridership and delays: 

With expanded police powers in France, some question if the loss of liberties is appropriate 

The Belgian government's threat analysis unit has raised the country's threat level to 4, the highest possible 

"The Joy of Painting" has taken on a new life online, 20 years after Bob Ross's death 

The woman who died in the St.-Denis raid opened fire and then killed herself; A man died when a grenade detonated 

When politicians shun refugees today, they are shunning people like my dad. My column: 

Assertions of hate crime a Somali-American teenager falls to his death 

I had never handled a gun before obtaining certification to carry on campus. Not to worry. 

The only American known to have died in the Paris attacks had a "zest for life." 

His last year looming, @BarackObama's approval rating is stuck in the middle 

A rattled community struggles to process the San Bernardino attack 

Dow Chemical and DuPont set an all-stock merger of equals; will then split into 3 companies 

The suspect in the Colorado shooting, who made this RV his home, wanted "to be left alone" 

Bernie Sanders boasts of his gay rights record, but in Vermont he was seen as less than a leader on the issue. 

Security breach at toy maker VTech includes data on children 

With Ronda Rousey's stunning loss, here are 10 fighters who could become UFC's biggest star 

Let's be clear: these shooting sprees are each, in their own ways, acts of terrorism. 

Being killed with a gun in Japan is about as likely as being killed by a lightning strike in the U.S. 

Follow live updates from @nytimes on the hostage situation in Mali: 

Rugby star Jonah Lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro 

As Sheldon Silver trial began, a "humble" assemblyman didn't appear guilty to several jurors 

"The Affair" recap: This guy's hopeless 

You say you loathe @tedcruz? You still might want to vote for him 

.@SamBorden on how FIFA is managing to fumble its recovery. 

Hammer fists, elbowing out of chokeholds, fierce kicks. While in Louboutins. 

Indians, hit hard by climate change, closely watch Paris talks 

After months of false starts, the campaign to retake Ramadi from ISIS has finally yielded some success 

Why poor areas vote for politicians who want to slash the safety net 

Terror threat puts Belgium's tribal squabbles in harsh light 

Republicans attack President Obama's address on terrorism 

A police officer and 2 civilians were killed in a shootout at a Planned Parenthood clinic. Suspect is in custody 

Donald Trump is suggesting that he saw "thousands" cheering in New Jersey after the Sept. 11 terror attacks 

Woodrow Wilson's legacy gets complicated 

How to shop smart (and avoid dud deals) this holiday season 

Cate Blanchett still gets star struck 

The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart 

How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? Test your own math skills 

"Everyone started running. Many made it, many did not." A NYT report: Inside the terrorist attack in San Bernardino. htt… 

Here are some of Donald Trump's favorite ways to deal with a difficult question 

In football-loving families, negotiating the line between health and grit can be complex. 

After explosion in Nigeria kills 32, Boko Haram is suspected 

The crisis of Republican authority 

A year after 12-year-old Tamir Rice was shot to death, his mom talks to @CharlesMBlow 

The Republican establishment has a big New Hampshire problem 

Sleeping later on weekends may be bad for you 

Essays by expats, travelers & writers, taking the long view of Paris post-terror attack: 

After huge fires, scientists are worried about a dangerous summer ahead in Australia. 

Landslide in Myanmar kills about 100 

Women who were overweight at 18 are at increased risk for sudden death, no matter what their current weight is 

"I was surprised to find ... moments of relief, even joy." Photographing the refugee crisis 

Can you lose weight by listening to your body? 

Since his father's death, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has appeared to embrace his inner progressive 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" — U2's Bono, on ISIS 

President Obama is right to caution against the risk of further alienating Muslims: 

Sandy Berger, who had a critical role in the strategy to end a war with Yugoslavia's Slobodan Milosevic, dies at 70 

China's coastal cities are on a path to submersion. Shanghai has the most to lose. 

14 shot to death in California rampage 

Yale lecturer, whose email on Halloween costumes helped touch off racial protests, resigns 

On the 2015 list of Twitter's top tweets: Terror attacks, same-sex marriage, a boy's clock, One Direction's breakup 

Sheriff releases names of the dead in San Bernardino shooting 

After being brutally beaten and getting a $450K settlement, he was trying to move. In the end, he couldn't escape. 

Whatever happened to a simple Season's Greetings? Holiday cards go from cursive to curses 

Kenyan runners accuse officials of stealing from sponsorship deal 

He was bashed after raising the price of a drug from $13.50 to $750 a pill overnight. But he's still smiling. 

Breaking News: Obama will address the nation Sunday on the California attacks and the broader threat of terrorism 

Our journalists really struggled to explain Einstein's theory of general relativity 

GOP leaders fear losing Senate if Trump's their nominee but are paralyzed on how to stop him 

Head of US Soccer apologizes for #USWNT cancellation. 'We screwed up. It won't happen again.' 

Within the next year, a U.S. soldier with a horrific war injury will have a penis transplant 

Save the planet. Eat ugly. 

The NYT obituary for Jonah Lomu, a rugby superstar who died at 40 

Make the pie dough today, and it will be one less thing to worry about on Thursday (via 

Why does a person who lost weight always feel cold? 

The Internet outrage cycle is getting worse, writes @fmanjoo 

2 flights to Paris from the U.S. diverted over security concerns 

Getting "ugly" produce onto tables so it stays out of the trash 

Sheldon Silver, who was found guilty on corruption charges, moves to collect state pension. 

In an unusual move, a juror in the Sheldon Silver trial pleads to be excused 

Douglas Tompkins, 72, North Face founder, dies in kayaking accident 

Kim Young-sam, former president of South Korea, dies at 87 

Mariuccia Mandelli, godmother of classic Milanese fashion & inventor of hot pants, has died 

A friend of the San Bernardino attackers has become a crucial if unlikely figure in the investigation 

Stopping ISIS in America isn't like thwarting a typical plot. It's much harder, like thwarting a school shooting. 

A Clemson football fan has found a way around rules against paying players, but the NCAA may disagree 

Justice Antonin Scalia seemed hostile to an affirmative action plan at University of Texas 

He rescued a pregnant woman hanging from a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage 

Belgian police raid house in troubled Brussels neighborhood of Molenbeek 

Jeb Bush is trying hard not to be the Mitt Romney of 2016 

One of our widely shared stories of 2015: Women and girls have been systematically raped by ISIS fighters 

Swatted: How Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police 

Police officer killed in shootout at a Planned Parenthood center is remembered as a loving father and courageous man 

Candidates reacted bizarrely to Obama's Sunday speech on the evolving threat posed by ISIS. 

Thai police are investigating the U.S. ambassador there on suspicion of insulting the king 

Police: 2 suspects dead in San Bernardino shooting, including a woman 

Migrants did not expect to have to worry about extremist violence in the European Union. 

Garrett Swasey, police officer killed in Colorado, is described as an "absolute man of courage" 

The suspect in the Colorado shooting was seen as a man who mixed religion and rage 

Year in Film: With the Golden Globe nominations out today, here are our critics' picks for the best movies of 2015 

More than a dozen people are expected to be charged in new wave of arrests in FIFA scandal 

Small fleet of cars lining up at Baur au Lac to take ExCo officials to FIFA house for crisis meeting at 9am. 

The man who saved the world, or at least ensured Hitler never got a nuclear bomb 

Short answers to hard questions about climate change 

More than 70 airstrikes hit Raqqa in the days after the Paris attacks: 

Obama will attend climate change talks in Paris despite security concerns 

Obama repeated his call for a more intense effort by the coalition to counter the Islamic State on the ground 

We analyzed Trump's words: He repeats divisive phrases, harsh words and violent imagery that presidents rarely use 

A sit-in at Amherst College was met with some criticism that students were trying to stifle free speech 

See what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 

After 12,000 years, these frozen lion cubs still had their fur and whiskers 

Janet Wolfe, a longtime personality in the @NewYorker's "Talk of the Town" columns, has died 

Attackers in San Bernardino carried out the worst mass shooting in the U.S. since the assault on a school in Newtown 

They helped erase Ebola in Liberia. Now Liberia is erasing them. 

Imagine waking up in a box, completely weightless. Are you falling toward Earth or floating in outer space? 

New York police officer fatally shoots unarmed man after chase into Westchester 

Newly-elected mayor of Alaska's capital is found dead 

Another police video emerges in Chicago. This time, Mayor Rahm Emanuel issues critique. Via @MitchKSmith 

Since April, an ominous cloud has been hanging over Burundi, @gettleman reports. 

The FBI is now treating the San Bernardino shooting as an act of terrorism 

Amy Heckerling is tired of Hollywood's focus on weddings, weddings, weddings. 

After unusual stumbles, Rafael Nadal's year ends in hope 

Mass surveillance isn't the answer to fighting terrorism 

After guards beat a man at Attica Correctional Facility, a stranger stepped in with help 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" —Bono, on ISIS 

Over the weekend, we examined Donald Trump's recent rhetoric to understand the power of his words (95,000 of them) 

Anger and doubt rise after Idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies 

As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 

The absurd, gorgeous atomic-age creations from Betty Crocker 

Unable to shut down Guantánamo Bay prison, officials are looking to reduce its population 

Michel Houellebecq: The French are rather easy to govern. But they are not complete idiots. 

From one winner of the "bad sex" award to another. 

Among the businesses hardest hit by the Paris terrorist attacks, few may be bearing more of the brunt than hotels. htt… 

One suspect in the San Bernardino shooting has been identified: Syed Farook 

Reports of gunfire in Paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 

Watchdog groups expressed optimism that the Sheldon Silver verdict could spur a more aggressive round of action 

Despite the litany of social ills and troubles — or maybe because of them — Nigeria has never laughed harder 

This map, shared by Ben Carson's campaign, looks a bit unusual: 

Struggling with how to talk to kids about terrorism? Start by being honest. 

Chris Christie's formula for reviving his campaign: 1 part fear, 1 part selective memory and 1 part intolerance. 

Kobani, Syria, is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 

Well water or loophole? Owners of green lawns dig a drought work around. 

A woman swimming in a partly frozen lake in Shenyang, China. Photos of the day 

The Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan has a new name — a change that has upset the Roosevelts. 

A cyclist in Fuyang, China, on Monday in the worst recorded smog of the year 

Mashed, roasted, boiled or fried 

Why colleges' mandatory meal plans have become a political issue, both on campus and off 

VIDEO: He saved a pregnant woman's life, then had to endure a 2-hour hostage standoff at the Bataclan concert hall. 

End the gun epidemic. We must drastically reduce the number of firearms in the U.S.: 

This week on "The Affair," as usual, we were reminded of just how hard it is being Alison 

Demonstrators in Minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest. More photos of the day 

My column: More Americans died since 2012 from guns than in Korea, Vietnam & Iraq combined 

Facebook's French flag photo filter draws criticism 

Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 

New York police are stepping up their fight on terrorism 

Go On and sulk. Unhappiness won't kill you. 

Two men arrested in connection with the overnight shootings of 5 people during a Black Lives Matter protest 

Last year, ISIS was mocked (foreign fighters missed the comforts of Nutella) and underestimated as the "JV team." 

For sheer exhilaration, it's hard to beat a run down Highland Bowl in Aspen. 

A third body has been found at the site where Paris attacker Abdelhamid Abaaoud was killed 

France's day of mourning was tinged with patriotism, solemnity and no lack of defiance 

American police leaders find lessons on avoiding deadly force -- in Scotland 

Soundproofing for New York noise: 

What does a small spike in murder rates nationwide tell us about crime? Not much. 

Martin Shkreli provokes alarm again with plan to increase price of drug for serious infectious disease 

What would you like to know about Paris after attacks? @kimmelman goes inside the city 

Shipping is something of an invisible industry to the public. And out of sight can be out of mind for emissions 

61-year-old punk rocker Handsome Dick Manitoba has been sober 33 years & a bar owner for 16. 

A judge in the FIFA scandal was arrested when the cruise ship he was on docked in Florida 

The Bamako hotel siege illustrates how Islamic extremists in Mali have changed their tactics in recent years 

The assignment: Design a holiday display to rival the tree at Rockefeller Center The result: 

Range of frustrations reached boil as Turkey shot down Russian jet 

Romo brought Dallas to life. Green Bay stopped a losing streak. NFL Week 11 news and scores: 

Hate crime inquiry opened into vandalism of Sikh temple in California 

Why China is increasingly vulnerable to the effects of climate change 

Which is more dangerous, MMA or boxing? 

Big companies like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola are putting their money where their trash is 

The outcry against Syrian refugees has some Japanese-Americans revisiting dark memories of internment camps 

Muslims in America condemn extremists and fear anew for their lives 

A look a the conservative religious school that Tashfeen Malik attended in Pakistan 

What Bill O'Reilly gets wrong about Ronald Reagan 

An executive order would make Connecticut the first state to ban people on federal terror lists from buying firearms 

bell hooks: "There is so much feeling of being lost." 

Local Muslims who saw Gov. Chris Christie as an unexpected champion are now feeling betrayed 

After 16 children were killed in Scotland, the government banned private ownership of automatic weapons and handguns 

The airstrike that destroyed a Doctors Without Borders hospital last month was the result of multiple errors 

At least 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting rampage, police say. There were 3 shooters. Live updates: 

Diesel, a 7-year-old police dog, was killed during the raid in St.-Denis 

Aung San Suu Kyi has moved toward dominance in Myanmar. Her words have become provocative. 

Officials couldn't confirm reports in the French media that 2 fugitives had died in a raid in St.-Denis 

There's no evidence that ISIS directed the couple who carried out the San Bernardino shooting to launch the attack 

Planned Parenthood sues Texas in dispute over funding for clinics 

Cervical cancer is being diagnosed earlier in young women since the Affordable Care Act became law 

One of our most popular pieces of 2015: A quick puzzle to test your problem solving 

Here's a sneak peek at Maureen Dowd's cover story on women in Hollywood. Check back on Friday for the full story! 

The sales of weapons increase even as more and more communities are struck by gun violence. 

"South Park" has revitalized itself with an ambitious story about modern disillusionment 

Sepp Blatter's latest effort to keep hold of power at FIFA has failed 

The FBI is treating its inquiry into the San Bernardino massacre as a counterterrorism investigation 

Thunderous applause for including goal to limit global warming to 1,5C degrees in #COP21 document 

Deforestation may threaten a majority of Amazon tree species 

An appeals court rules Oscar Pistorius is guilty of murder, overturning a lesser conviction 

Brussels is on lockdown for a third day as Belgian officials search for terrorism suspects 

Russia gives France a puppy to replace police dog killed in Paris raid 

Victims of the Paris attacks came from 29 countries. Nohemi was a Californian with a dream 

Students' protests may play role in Supreme Court case on race in admissions 

Here's what you need to know about the ongoing investigation into corruption at FIFA. 

Russia is worried by the prospect of thousands of Russia-hating jihadists returning under the banner of ISIS 

Breaking News: Two people died in a raid near Paris, including one who blew herself up, and the police arrested 7 

Diesel, a police dog killed during a raid outside Paris, has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 

A warning from the archives: Climate change may cause "serious environmental damage" 

All politicians lie, but some lie more than others. 

How an effort to close loopholes in California's assault weapons law was thwarted 

It was a hashtag, then a protest slogan. Now some #BlackLivesMatter groups are in a swirl of political activity 

San Bernardino police: One suspect dead, one caught, one still on the loose 

Here's how NBA players get free stuff at movie theater concession stands: 

It's time to end the gun epidemic, the Editorial Board writes in a front-page statement 

Explosion causes minor damage at Yasukuni Shrine in Japan, source of regional tensions 

Transgender Argentines confront continued murder and discrimination 

