What Climate Change Looks Like: Dying Forests 

Man Scales White House Fence as Obamas Celebrate Thanksgiving Inside 

Since 1993, attacks on abortion providers have resulted in the deaths of 11 people 

A Tibetan's Journey for Justice 

Justin Trudeau welcomes 163 Syrian refugees in Canada 

New York Today: New York Today: Reconsidering Gun Laws 

Finding the right "Nutcracker" 

Chicago police officer charged with 1st-degree murder in the death of a black teen, who was reportedly shot 16 times 

He voted against Defense of Marriage Act in 1996, but his explanation has changed over time. 

Chicago officials released a dashcam video of the killing of a black 17-year-old in 2014. 

Pursuing gender equality as a competitive advantage 

Trudeau's Canada, again 

A president's voice is typically dignified. If elected, Donald Trump could change that. 

Breaking News: Oscar Pistorius has been found guilty of murder by a South African appeals court 

Oscar Pistorius Found Guilty of Murder by South Africa Appeals Court 

Politicians "appear to be ignoring the Americans who need their attention most: the deeply, persistently poor" 

The Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 

The peculiar ascent of Bill Murray to pop icon 

Follow coverage of #COP21 and of @INYTEnergy at our Paris Climate Talks page. 

Justin Trudeau sets out to redefine what it means to be Canadian 

NYT developing story from inside the Zurich hotel where police are yet again arresting top FIFA officials. 

In Scotland, unlike America, a mass shooting led to stricter gun laws 

Tashfeen Malik remains largely a mystery to her relatives in Pakistan, who have responded to her actions with shock 

Breaking News: The Pentagon will open all combat roles in the military to women 

He rescued a pregnant woman hanging out a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage. 

It's good to just be OK in the NFL this season. Only 7 of the 32 teams are 7-4 or better. 

Why won't Americans eat "ugly" produce? 

Princeton students ended a 32-hour sit-in in the university president's office on Thursday night 

Meet the Hong Kong jeweler behind the creation of what has been called the world's most expensive diamond necklace 

It's okay if your holiday table isn't camera-ready or perfectly Instagrammable 

Who's winning the presidential horse race? Depends how you measure. 

Stars pay tribute to Frank Sinatra. Our review: 

'Just Get Us in the Room': The Women of Hollywood Speak Out, by Maureen Dowd. 

A fire that tore through a California mosque is being investigated as possible arson 

A hazard of being a college basketball coach — losing your voice. Anyone have a lozenge? 

Pfizer and Allergan are near a $150 billion merger deal that would create a pharmaceutical giant 

Human Rights Advocacy Costs a Canadian a Shot at Miss World 

This is the winter salad you'll want to be eating all season long 

Writer Linda Wallem's tricks to fight Hollywood sexism: "I'd wear my cowboy boots, not heels. They click louder." 

Breaking News: The authorities are responding to reports of a mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif. 

Video: Relatives described attempts to reach loved ones during San Bernardino shooting 

Checkpoints Isolate Many Immigrants in Texas' Rio Grande Valley 

Treasure hunters are fighting Homeland Security and Panama for rights to a silver treasure 

Adele is selling more albums than anyone in the music business thought was still possible 

Paul Krugman: GOP establishment helped pave the way for the Trump phenomenon 

Foo Fighters have released a free EP and turned it into a tribute to victims of the Paris attacks 

Making the case for mandatory retirement savings plans 

"Star Wars": The line awakens. 

The White House affirmed its Syrian refugee plan despite the Paris attacks 

.@narendramodi could make or break Obama's climate legacy 

A Syrian town scarred by ISIS is trying to rebuild — and there are signs of life 

At least 3 people are dead after gunmen stormed a hotel in Mali and seized 170 hostages 

New York Today: New York Today: Welcome to the Jungle 

French authorities pursue suspects today, here's the latest: 

The newest of China's smog worries: Counterfeit masks 

Anonymous satire of Silicon Valley gets published, setting off rounds of guess-who-were-the-authors. 

Miami Beach Police Shoot and Kill Bank Robbery Suspect 

The airstrike that destroyed a Doctors Without Borders hospital last month was the result of multiple errors 

Turkey Shoots Down Military Plane Near Syria Border 

Quote of the day 

Morning rush hour in Taipei, Taiwan, where the scooter is the vehicle of choice 

Read the note a juror in the Sheldon Silver trial gave the judge pleading to be excused. 

Mark Zuckerberg pledges that he and his wife will give 99% of their Facebook shares "during our lives" to charity 

Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift and the Weeknd are the top contenders for the Grammy Awards 

Yahoo to Spin Off Its Core Businesses 

Here's pope's ``limo'' - a humble little Honda, nearly swallowed by armada of black Mercedes en route to State House 

A Chicago police officer will face no charges in the shooting death of a 25-year-old black man named Ronald Johnson 

After a Defeat in Houston, the Fight for Gay Rights Shifts to Jacksonville 

New York's Police Department created a counterterrorism unit that will be bigger than any it has deployed since 9/11 

For Syrian refugees, a new path to freedom through the Arctic Circle involves bicycles 

Conservatives have competition for the future identity of Saudi Arabia, writes @tomfriedman 

After 12,000 years, these frozen lion cubs still have their fur 

Joe Biden's anticorruption message in Ukraine is undermined by his son's business connections 

Mother: Television's Favorite Role 

What to binge watch with which members of your Thanksgiving clan 

New York's tactical shift on terror attacks: Don't wait for backup 

Pillow fights at West Point are banned after injuries 

Gun sales soared on Black Friday, the FBI says. It processed about 2 firearm background checks per second. 

The landlord of the house rented by the San Bernardino shooting suspects invited journalists inside 

When ISIS took control of Raqqa, some women bartered their lives, through work and marriage, to the Islamic state. 

"I love the B-52. But the fact that this is still flying is really insane." 

At 80, the Dalai Lama is still an international icon. But the future of his office has never been more in doubt. 

The hunt for red mercury, the "doomsday weapon" that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 

In a service tinged with solemnity and defiance, Paris mourns the 130 victims of attacks 

In a rare move, Cuba will allow a defector into the country during an MLB tour 

When should presidential candidates drop out? 

Bomb experts analyze the ISIS soda-can bomb photo 

Ben Carson, mispronouncing "Hamas," fails to impress a Republican Jewish group 

If there's a drone for you under the tree, it looks like you'll have to register it. 

The International Olympic Committee wants a new global antidoping system in time for the 2018 Winter Games 

France Identifies 3rd Attacker at Bataclan Concert Hall 

Matthieu Mauduit, whose brother died at the Bataclan, has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 

100 miles, 10 days, 3 countries and a lot of cheese 

Breaking News: Gunmen have seized hostages at a Radisson Hotel in Mali 

Republicans make presence felt at climate talks by ignoring them 

Dick Cheney's chiseled likeness will be immortalized in the Senate with a traditional bust 

The IMF has approved the Chinese renminbi as one of the world's main central bank reserve currencies 

The Origins of Jihadist-Inspired Attackers in the U.S. 

Jihadist Fighters Continue to Flock to Syria and Iraq 

Mayoral Race in Maine Could Help Define City's Future Amid Demographic Shift 

Our interactive meal planner will help you build the Thanksgiving feast of your dreams 

Breaking News: A man in a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado is exchanging gunfire with the police 

The New York Times 2015 holiday gift guide is finally here 🎁 

Tonight we make pizza 

U.S. strategy seeks to avoid ISIS prophecy 

Adelaide, Australia's unsung city, is the focus of our latest 36 Hours: 

Becoming modern: The Met's mission at the Breuer Building 

Ted Cruz surges in Iowa poll, only trails Trump by 2 @arappeport 

The "Wet Prince of Bel Air" has used 30,000 gallons of water a day. But Californians who used less were fined. 

Alibaba Buying South China Morning Post, Aiming to Influence Media 

Diplomatic Memo: John Kerry Adds Voice to Those Urging Bigger Push Against Islamic State in Syria 

Long overshadowed by San Francisco, Oakland is its own town 

A heartbreaking story of a corner bistro in Paris where 19 people died 

"White Student Union" Facebook groups set off concerns at college campuses 

ISIS tightens its grip on the Mediterranean port city of Surt 

Marine Le Pen's anti-Islam message is gaining influence in France 

N.F.L. Roundup: Broncos Knock Patriots From Ranks of the Unbeaten 

Conor McGregor is ready for his shot at José Aldo and the UFC title 

The pope denounces injustice and "new forms of colonialism" after a visit to a Kenyan slum. 

Syrian Rebels Form Bloc for New Round of Peace Talks 

A timpano that's easier to make and just as spectacular 

Using virtual reality, @NYTmag lets you take flight with stars of the silver screen 

Strategy on strikes in Syria leads to more questions than results 

Michael Gross, who designed the "Ghostbusters" logo, died at age 70 

The murky laws surrounding hoverboards 

He wants people to feel climate change, rather than just understand it 

This Hanukkah, you could make a bunch of latkes, or you could make one really big one (via 

With Warriors' perfect start, the question is, which coach gets the credit? 

We lose to ISIS by turning inward, against one another & away from our ideals. We lose by losing ourselves. Column, 

A lot to be thankful for: One pardoned turkey is now "Totus" (turkey of the United States) 

Joyce Carol Oates on Twitter: Is nothing "joyous" in ISIS? 

They left Syria for a "beautiful life" near Detroit. After the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 

A call for more "resilience" has become a cleverly coded way to shame those speaking out against injustices. 

How often do mass shootings occur in the U.S.? On average, every day. 

As the Paris climate talks begin, follow @nytimesworld for updates and context 

Officials have identified man held in Planned Parenthood shooting as Robert Lewis Dear 

U2 Returns to Paris for Concert Called Off After Terrorist Attacks 

Greet Thanksgiving out-of-towners with this grown-up version of mac and cheese 

Terrorists mock Silicon Valley's efforts to crack down on use of social media. 

A definitive debunking of Donald Trump's 9/11 claims 

These are the words no New York subway rider wants to hear. 

Robert Dear, Suspect in Colorado Killings, ‘Preferred to Be Left Alone' 

Officials: Blast Kills Governor of Yemen's Aden, 6 Guards 

There have been no mass killings in Australia since the nation tightened its gun control laws almost 20 years ago 

Walmart Pay presents a fresh challenge to front-runners in mobile payments business 

What does it take for a mass shooting to be called terrorism? 

Los Angeles is home to the largest Iranian diaspora in the world. Welcome to Tehrangeles. 

UnitedHealth's threatened withdrawal puts pressure on regulators to scrutinize mergers of its rivals 💉💰 

NBA players transition from game night to movie nights, with some help from studios. 

How agriculture may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 

As temperatures drop, Montreal springs to life. Our latest 36 Hours: 

The schemes that got former NY state speaker Sheldon Silver convicted of corruption. 

Macy's historic wooden escalators survive $400 million renovation 

Here's how NBA players get free stuff at movie theater concession stands: 

The doomsday weapon that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 

Why Coney Island has provided "an interesting kind of crazy" for 150 years 

The band Eagles of Death Metal makes a statement on the Paris attacks. Read it in full: 

A woman hiding out in an apartment in St.-Denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 

4 plans compete to authorize military force against the Islamic State 

The producer Michele Imperato Stabile has this message for the men of Hollywood. 

Turn Off Your Devices? Sometimes Plays Turn Them On 

Scottish designer Jonathan Saunders, whose client list includes Michelle Obama, is stepping down 

Breaking News: A prominent coal executive has been convicted of conspiracy in a deadly West Virginia mine blast 

Good news for the grumpy: unhappiness doesn't increase your risk of dying 

The writer, director and producer Jamie Babbit on Hollywood women and their agents. 

A few rich families set out to remake Illinois. How far did they get? 

TV crews in front of the Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich where more FIFA officials were arrested 

At this five-star Zurich hotel, some soccer officials checked out earlier than expected 

In a testy exchange, Donald Trump interrupts and "Morning Joe" cuts to commercial 

End the gun epidemic in America 

Seen all 10 episodes of "Man in the High Castle"? Talk about it with critic @poniewozik 

VIDEO: Hotel staff and officers lead one arrested soccer official over bridge at Baur au Lac to parking garage. 

After 30 years, Jonathan Pollard, the American convicted of spying for Israel, will be freed 

Adele cries to her music, too 

President Xi Jinping of China has announced a major reorganization of the nation's military 

The Trump effect: 

Paris is coming to terms with the idea that the Nov. 13 attacks are unlikely to be the last 

In upset, John Bel Edwards defeats David Vitter in Louisiana governor's race 

Israeli President Reuven Rivlin lighting the Hanukkah menorah w/ @POTUS & @FLOTUS in the East Room @IsraelPresident 

The NYT theater review of "The Color Purple" on Broadway 

Turkish F16s Shot Down Warplane After It Violated Airspace: Military Official 

Ben Carson said he was mistaken in saying he saw Muslims cheering in New Jersey on Sept. 11 

Brussels is on high alert as authorities hunt for suspects linked to the Paris attacks 

How to talk to your relatives about politics at Thanksgiving 

Divers search for electronics of San Bernardino attackers 

Russell Wilson has taken a public vow of celibacy. Will it help him on the field? 

This raspberry rose rugelach recipe goes a bit rogue with the fillings 

How @JustinBieber and @ArianaGrande used an award show to speed a comeback 

France shut down three mosques and four Muslim prayer rooms out of concern they were contributing to radicalization 

California Attack Has U.S. Rethinking Strategy on Homegrown Terror 

A group wants to honor the 146 workers who died in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire: 

‘Empire of Self: A Life of Gore Vidal,' by Jay Parini 

After the Paris attacks, vigils became gathering places for Parisians to turn sadness into strength 

The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead' Season 6, Episode 8: We Must Protect This House 

The good news about the Jets: How well they tend to play after halftime. The bad: They have to play the first half. 

For Carly Fiorina, Peripatetic Childhood Helped Build Worldview 

Your body slows down as you age, your mind seems to do this same. Exercise can keep them both nimble. 

Hostages who could do recite Muslim statement were allowed to leave Mali hotel, according to Malian journalist 

The best albums of 2015 

Psychiatric drugs are being prescribed to infants 

Are charter schools effective? It's complicated. 

What does losing 150 lbs by tracking everything you eat look like? 

Six screenwriters, including @amyschumer, who are leaving their mark on Hollywood 

A common office party. If you were not safe there, where were you safe? That was everywhere. That was everybody. 

He last saw his diary of life in an internment camp in 1945. Now it's on display at Yale 

A missing Maryland college student is found dead in an apparent suicide 

The 25 most-liked @NYTfashion street-style photos of 2015 

2 Panels Advise Bolstering W.H.O. for Crises Like Ebola 

Review: In ‘The Wiz Live!' on NBC, a Search for More in the Emerald City 

It's possible for two people to live in different moral worlds, in which different moral truths hold. 

Top Republicans worry Trump could be nominated, causing a major electoral loss. But they're afraid to take him on 

Greenhouse emissions rose only slightly in 2014 and appear to be on track to decline in 2015 

More good news about coffee 

A trustee at Inland Regional Services, the site of the San Bernardino shooting, responds 

Foo Fighters release free five-song 'Saint Cecilia' EP with a long message from Dave Grohl 

The best gift ideas, curated by New York Times editors, to make shopping easy this season 🎁 

Obama urged Americans not to give in to fear or resort to discrimination against Muslims 

A sweet potato casserole that's crunchy, soft and sweet — all in one glorious bite 

Breaking News: Justice Dept. is expected to investigate the Chicago police after the killing of a black teenager 

Attention international house hunters: Five-Bedrooms and a pool await in Rio: 

Is this Uber driver an employee or contract worker? Or something else? 

France Replies to World's 50 Best Restaurants List With 1,000 of Its Own 

Between the record heat and very dry conditions, Australia could have an intense fire season 

Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief 

The origins of jihadist-inspired attackers in the U.S. 

Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief. 

Can you lose weight by listening to your body? 

Marriages may not be forever, but our obsession with diamonds is 

A Manhattan dentist was arrested on drug and pornography charges 

A cigar lover goes to Cuba to find one of the best 

The Ebola crisis has subsided, but the fallout over how health care workers were treated during the crisis continues 

Donald Trump's Shortcuts and Salesmanlike Stretches 

Chinese glacier's retreat signals trouble for Asian water supply 

Chicago Set for Protests Over Shooting by the Police 

A former Guantánamo detainee is leading the fight against ISIS and the Taliban 

Debating Hollande's ‘war' response to the Paris attacks 

The first public beheadings have started. The local radio stations no longer play music. Life in an ISIS colony: 

At only 19, Shanice Williams made her professional debut in "The Wiz Live!" 

High-impact contact sports, like football, can cause brain damage. They are not for kids. 

Coming Thursday: Watch as Charlize Theron floats above the skyline in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 

As police closed in on SUV, chaos came to a suburban Southern California 

As many as 6 of the Paris attackers were Europeans who traveled to fight and train in Syria before returning home 

Who's being fined for water use in dry California? Stingy users, not the rich water hogs. 

The College Football Playoff picture: Orange Bowl: Clemson vs. Oklahoma Cotton Bowl: Alabama vs. Michigan State 

The mass shooting in San Bernardino has the U.S. rethinking strategy on homegrown terror 

Opposition Leader Mauricio Macri Wins Argentina Presidential Election 

Tips for first-time home buyers 

The jury has begun deliberations in the corruption case against Dean Skelos and his son Adam 

Emergency crews are responding to the reports of a 20-victim shooting incident in San Bernardino 

Donald Trump fires back at Ted Cruz 

Stopping ISIS in America isn't like thwarting a typical plot. It's much harder, like thwarting a school shooting. 

Paris on edge as questions remain about suspect's fate 

Retro Report: ‘The Boy in the Bubble' Moved a World He Couldn't Touch 

The places where you can't easily shop these days 

The FBI is now treating the San Bernardino shooting by a husband and wife as an act of terrorism 

Anti-Muslim is anti-American, writes @CharlesMBlow 

Family and friends remembered the 14 colleagues who were murdered in San Bernardino 

France has been wounded. The solution is not to become more like its enemies. 

The enduring appeal of roasted chicken provençal 

Abortion clinics around the U.S. have adopted increasingly elaborate security measures 

Stop trying to snap that perfect 45-degree angle selfie. Join the 'finstagram' rebellion. 

Even some Army veterans confided that they felt safer in war zones than on the streets of the U.S. 

Mark Zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their Facebook shares to charity 

Before her rise, Carly Fiorina was Carleton Sneed, daughter of a well-known legal figure. 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged ringleader of the Paris attacks, was confirmed dead after forensic tests 

Security forces swarmed a Paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

The White House is seeking a path to an executive action on gun sales 

Two weeks after the Paris attacks, France is gearing up for a monumental security challenge 

A corner of Tuscany where olive oil is a deeper green 

Photos from the early-morning raid north of Paris. 2 people died and 7 were arrested 

Death toll from hajj stampede reaches 2,411 in new estimate 

Worried about the erosion of Tibetan culture, one man takes his concerns to Beijing: 

#Serial is back and focuses on Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 

This rising Democratic star from Hawaii is making a mark on her party by defying it 

Climate research at the end of the world 

Read the remarkable findings of @patrickhealynyt and @maggieNYT's analysis of Donald Trump's 95,000 recent words 

Because every student is looking for ways to get homework done faster 

An 11th-hour detour puts a family in Connecticut as Indiana bars Syrian refugees 

During Planned Parenthood Shooting, a Scene of Fear and Chaos at Nearby Shopping Center 

"Dumbo" wrote the last word on cinematic flight back in 1941, but the magic of the experience endures 

What it's like to be deported from the U.S. 

One of Ireland's most mystical places most likely will be seen in the new "Star Wars" movie 

Roundup: Cooking: ‘Asian-American,' ‘Women Chefs of New York' and More 

Why America's Next Top Model may have been the most successful fashion TV show ever made. 

How to improve eggs before they are hatched 

Barry Bonds is hired to be the Miami Marlins hitting coach 

The expanding web of connections among the Paris attackers 

Taming Carbon Emissions From the ‘Invisible' Shipping Industry 

Police combed the scene of the San Bernardino shooting overnight 

The NYT review of David Mamet's play "China Doll," starring Al Pacino 

Jennifer Hudson on making her Broadway debut in "The Color Purple," opening tonight 

Breaking News: Obama will address the nation Sunday on the California attacks and the broader threat of terrorism 

This Thanksgiving, let's talk about science 

Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 

Luc Bondy, Swiss-Born Theater and Opera Director, Dies at 67 

The skull of Winnipeg, the bear that inspired "Winnie-the-Pooh," has gone on display in London 

Something happened in network TV that's almost unheard-of these days: A show got canceled. 

Golden Globes 2016: TV snubs ("Downton Abbey") and surprises ("Mozart in the Jungle") 

Freddie Gray's death wouldn't have been ruled a homicide if he'd been taken to a hospital 

The shooting of an unarmed black man by a Minneapolis officer led to a tense standoff between police and protesters 

Breaking news: Yahoo will spin off its core businesses and keep its stake in Alibaba 

Lemon almond butter cake for Thanksgiving. Because who needs another brown pie? 

Winds of change whipping through mansion doors of globalized sports, @powellnyt explains. FIFA is latest example. 

When "Black-ish" star Yara Shahidi isn't taping her ABC sitcom, she's a full-time social activist 

An important Islamic voice you may not have heard: Fatema Mernissi, a Founder of Islamic Feminism, Dies at 75 

Look-at-me-don't-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 

Marco Rubio: the Affordable Care Act's quiet saboteur 

Here's Ben Brantley's review of "China Doll." Get ready for it. 

How did a 38-year-old nearsighted, soccer-loving cleric, not even a fighter, lead ISIS? 

How Ryan Seacrest became the mogul next door 

Paris Attacks Have Many in France Eager to Join the Fight 

Missing Maryland College Student Is Found Dead in Apparent Suicide 

Construction deaths and injuries have far outpaced the rate of new projects in New York City 

First Draft: Chris Christie Endorsed by Key New Hampshire Newspaper 

One of our favorite stories of 2015: The Ride of Their Lives 

In the days after an attack in Mali, life goes on with little evidence of increased security 

If it weren't for her father, @julietmacur wouldn't be a sportswriter 

The long history of Muslim worship in New York 

She's sometimes played the errant spouse. In her new film she's reformed 

The NYT obituary for Cynthia Robinson, Sly and the Family Stone trumpet player 

The cascade of errors that led to US airstrike on MSF hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. 

The New York Times Book Review's 100 Notable Books of 2015: 

How the page 1 editorial on the gun epidemic came together 

Mariuccia Mandelli, godmother of classic Milanese fashion & inventor of hot pants, has died 

CNN airs film about sexual assaults on college campuses despite legal threat from an NFL player's lawyer 

New York City Transit's new president will focus on booming subway ridership and delays: 

Jennifer Getzinger on often being the only woman hired to direct. 

Mack McCormick, Student of Texas Blues, Dies at 85 

One of Ireland's most mystical places will likely be seen in the new "Star Wars" movie 

"The Joy of Painting" has taken on a new life online, 20 years after Bob Ross's death 

Never before in modern Illinois politics have so few donors provided so much of the money for campaigns 

A century ago, Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 

At a rally Trump drew cheers as he outlined his idea for a ban on Muslims entering the US 

Assertions of hate crime a Somali-American teenager falls to his death 

Remember the $750 pill? The nation's top prescription drug manager will offer a $1 alternative. 

Yahoo's board to discuss potentially selling off core business 

Thanksgiving through the years with presidents, their families, and turkeys (some survived). 

The Return of Werner Erhard, Father of Self-Help 

Dow Chemical and DuPont set an all-stock merger of equals; will then split into 3 companies 

Despite Push for Cleaner Cars, Sheer Numbers Could Work Against Climate Benefits 

The new season of @serial, focused on Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, is here 

Why It Takes Two Years for Syrian Refugees to Enter the U.S. 

A mass shooting at a primary school in Scotland led to stricter gun laws the following year 

Receding waters in California expose artifacts and archaeological sites to looters 

Being killed with a gun in Japan is about as likely as being killed by a lightning strike in the U.S. 

First Draft: At Donald Trump Rally in North Carolina, the Protesters Just Keep Coming 

Rugby star Jonah Lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro 

Apple has held a total of $186.9 billion abroad to avoid paying taxes in America 

Iran appears to be using cyberespionage to replace the influence of a nuclear program. 

What happened in Chicago was a cover-up. Those responsible should resign. — @BernardHarcourt 

.@SamBorden on how FIFA is managing to fumble its recovery. 

Brown butter skillet cornbread. So easy, so good 

Where Katharine Hepburn got her chocolates 

At least 10 people were hospitalized with injuries after a shootout in a New Orleans park 

How to find better deals than Black Friday's 

New timeline raises questions of vetting over San Bernardino attacker's visa 

Aws was more into Hollywood, Dua into Bollywood. Then they became ISIS wives. 

How 2 lawyers became whistle-blowers on their boss at the National Whistleblowers Center 

Bill de Blasio, drawing a new battle line, takes aim at Chris Christie on refugees. 

The Internet outrage cycle is getting worse, writes @fmanjoo 

Racism on campus: stories from New York Times readers 

Document: Final Draft of Accord 

Your Evening Briefing brings you the top news fast. 

Meet Pvt. Harold G. Moss through his letters home, from Pearl Harbor to Okinawa 

Why was the rapper 50 Cent worth $240 million in May 2014 and about $50 million last month? 

It's been an eventful year in New York City real estate. Test your memory with this quiz. 

"Everyone started running. Many made it, many did not." A NYT report: Inside the terrorist attack in San Bernardino. htt… 

In football-loving families, negotiating the line between health and grit can be complex. 

How the San Bernardino shooting and manhunt unfolded 

Michigan State 17, Ohio State 14: Michigan State Defeats Ohio State With Field Goal in Final Seconds 

Black Artists and the March Into the Museum 

The crisis of Republican authority 

The State Dept. released more of Hillary Clinton's emails from her time as Secretary. 

In New York, people are lining up to get into the Museum of Feelings. It's actually a giant ad for scented candles 

"I was surprised to find ... moments of relief, even joy." Photographing the refugee crisis 

Reds' Aroldis Chapman Named in Domestic Violence Inquiry 

The Crimson Tide proved to be too much for Florida in the SEC championship game. 

The plight of Syrian refugees hits home with Japanese-Americans. One man recalls life at a U.S. internment camp: 

14 shot to death in California rampage 

Yale lecturer, whose email on Halloween costumes helped touch off racial protests, resigns 

Breaking News: Mark Zuckerberg has pledged to give to charity 99 percent of his Facebook shares 

OMG! We literally can't even. (Welcome to death by Internet hyperbole.) 

5 questions about Jonathan Pollard, the American convicted of spying for Israel 

How balloons pop 

My deep dive into NYC's surge in construction accidents - most of them avoidable - and their anonymous victims 

Turkey's role as migrant gateway is source of a new urgency as ISIS supporters were arrested 

Why "cool" is still a popular word, but "spiffy" and "swell" aren't. 

The guns used in 15 mass shootings, including San Bernardino, were bought legally 

Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 

Nearly 100 paintings trace the path of the visionary artist Martin Wong 

The police in France are now freed to pick up and interrogate suspects virtually at will 

The Pentagon wants a string of bases overseas in order to contain ISIS 

Gun homicides in ____ are about as common as deaths from ____ in the U.S. 

Warriors Make History With 16th Straight Win 

Reports of 20 victims wounded in shooting in San Bernardino, California 

GOP leaders fear losing Senate if Trump's their nominee but are paralyzed on how to stop him 

The first litter of puppies ever conceived by IVF were born in July 

How one woman in New York became affectionately known as the "turtle lady." 

Security breach at toy maker VTech includes data on children 

Thomas Friedman on Donald Trump: #You ain't no American, bro 

Platini Loses Appeal at CAS Over 90-Day FIFA Ban 

2 flights to Paris from the U.S. diverted over security concerns 

Sheldon Silver, who was found guilty on corruption charges, moves to collect state pension. 

After explosion in Nigeria kills 32, Boko Haram is suspected 

The Affair: ‘The Affair' Season 2, Episode 8: This Guy's Hopeless 

It was a hashtag, then a protest slogan. Now some #BlackLivesMatter groups are in a swirl of political activity 

Adele's ‘25' on Track to Break Sales Records 

What President Woodrow Wilson cost my grandfather 

The last Dalai Lama? 

.@SamSifton will answer your Thanksgiving cooking questions today at 11:30 a.m. EST 

For Japanese-Americans, Resistance to Syrian Refugees Recalls Long-Ago Fears 

The virtual reality revolution is coming to a headset near you 

A Clemson football fan has found a way around rules against paying players, but the NCAA may disagree 

Belgian police raid house in troubled Brussels neighborhood of Molenbeek 

From Kitty Hawk in 1903 to "Birdman" in 2014, flight captured on film is pure magic 

How Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 

Garrett Swasey, police officer killed in Colorado, is described as an "absolute man of courage" 

Read Part 1 in our Buying Power series: The families funding the 2016 presidential election 

How Bernie Sanders is making his case to millennials — and everyone else, too 

Range of frustrations reached boil as Turkey shot down Russian jet 

Breaking News: With Chicago set to release video of a black youth's death, a police officer was charged with murder 

Coca-Cola's top scientist, who orchestrated obesity research, is leaving 

Knife Attack in London Subway Called ‘Terrorist Incident' 

A jury has ordered Washington, D.C. to pay a wrongfully convicted man $16.65 million 

Pumpkin ravioli, a vegetarian centerpiece for Thanksgiving 

Get the top news fast, in Your Evening Briefing 

Janet Wolfe, a longtime personality in the @NewYorker's "Talk of the Town" columns, has died 

Attackers in San Bernardino carried out the worst mass shooting in the U.S. since the assault on a school in Newtown 

Mount Sinai Sheds Roosevelt Name as Hospital Moves On 

A Hanukkah treat with a sweet reminder of Sicily 

It's that time of year again. Introducing The New York Times​ 2015 holiday gift guide. 

Since April, an ominous cloud has been hanging over Burundi, @gettleman reports. 

The FBI is now treating the San Bernardino shooting as an act of terrorism 

The bareback rider Bobby Mote competing this week at the National Finals Rodeo (via 

Bob Ross and "The Joy of Painting" have found a second life online 

David Price reached an agreement with the Red Sox on a record 7-year, $217 million deal 

The 2016 profanity primary: Gone are the days of "H-E-double-hockey-sticks." 

.@GwynethPaltrow has a new muse in Wonder Woman and a collection of clothes, which she did with @MaisonValentino. 

And so "America's Next Top Model" has come to an end, after 289 episodes, 22 seasons and 12 years 

Sofia Coppola's muse? Bill Murray, of course 

Obama's legacy is at stake at the Paris climate change talks 

First Draft: Donald Trump Solidifies His Lead, but Leaves Many Nervous 

Ryan Seacrest's ascent through the social ranks of L.A. has been as patiently plotted as his professional one 

From one winner of the "bad sex" award to another. 

One suspect in the San Bernardino shooting has been identified: Syed Farook 

The Best in Culture 2015: The Top Books of 2015 

Finding the links among the Paris attackers 

The actress and director Rose McGowan has this message for the men of Hollywood. 

‘Live Shopping. Fully Loaded.' That's the tag line for a new network that aims to be the QVC of guns 

A cyclist in Fuyang, China, on Monday in the worst recorded smog of the year 

Mashed, roasted, boiled or fried 

A conversation with @JimGaffigan, who has some experience traveling with kids. 

Why colleges' mandatory meal plans have become a political issue, both on campus and off 

VIDEO: He saved a pregnant woman's life, then had to endure a 2-hour hostage standoff at the Bataclan concert hall. 

In Miami, the brainy side of the beach 

A man once imprisoned in Guantánamo Bay is leading the fight against ISIS and the Taliban 

Demonstrators in Minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest. More photos of the day 

News: Morning Agenda: Lyft Is Said to Seek $500 Million 

Facebook's French flag photo filter draws criticism 

Finn Wittrock, Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell discuss their roles in "The Big Short" 

For sheer exhilaration, it's hard to beat a run down Highland Bowl in Aspen. 

A third body has been found at the site where Paris attacker Abdelhamid Abaaoud was killed 

"Everybody's always looking for the next art neighborhood. It's going to happen here." 

Eldzier Cortor, Painter of Scenes From African-American Social Life, Dies at 99 

What does a small spike in murder rates nationwide tell us about crime? Not much. 

Turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the Syrian border on Tuesday 

What would you like to know about Paris after attacks? @kimmelman goes inside the city 

She's the 5-foot-tall woman who teaches New York firefighters how to box. 

Why does yawning cause your eyes to tear? Here's the explanation: 

These are the words no New York subway rider wants to hear 

One of our favorite pieces of 2015: A virtual tour that lets you peek inside the Whitney 

Pfizer to Merge With Allergan in $160 Billion Deal 

How to give better directions. (Hint: start with a landmark) 

Which is more dangerous, MMA or boxing? 

Big companies like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola are putting their money where their trash is 

President John F. Kennedy is assassinated, this day in 1963. 

Muslims in America condemn extremists and fear anew for their lives 

Opposition Gains a Rare Victory in Venezuelan Election 

Good end-of-2015 reading: How 2 pairs of identical twins, switched at birth and raised as fraternal twins, reunited 

To Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, Donald Trump is no longer a laughing matter 

Fact Check: Trump Cites Poll of Muslim Americans 

How Chinese cash is making some U.S. housing less affordable 

When will these massacres and the families they destroy matter enough to politicians to enact sensible gun laws? 

New York Today: New York Today: Ways to Give Thanks 

TAKE FLIGHT: This year's Great Performers is all about defying gravity. 

After 16 children were killed in Scotland, the government banned private ownership of automatic weapons and handguns 

At least 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting rampage, police say. There were 3 shooters. Live updates: 

Diesel, a 7-year-old police dog, was killed during the raid in St.-Denis 

There's no evidence that ISIS directed the couple who carried out the San Bernardino shooting to launch the attack 

What would a truly ambitious plan to tackle climate change look like? 

For Ohio State-Michigan today, @TBDBITL is going to put on a show 

"Karibu Kenya, Papa Francis!" 

One of our most popular pieces of 2015: A quick puzzle to test your problem solving 

Fears in Europe feed political rise of the right-wing 

Israel holds five Palestinian citizens suspected of supporting the Islamic State. 

The secrets of a Japanese horse-breeding empire 

The sales of weapons increase even as more and more communities are struck by gun violence. 

Cellphone Recording Leads to Arrest of Brazilian Senator on Obstruction Charges 

Chief Justice John Roberts made two promises: He won't run for president, and he won't grow a beard 

Leasing Begins for New York's First Micro-Apartments 

Authorities in Colorado Springs are investigating reports of a gunman firing shots near a Planned Parenthood clinic 

The climate change pledges are in. Will they fix anything? 

Here's what you need to know about the ongoing investigation into corruption at FIFA. 

New York Today: New York Today: The Real Deal 

Democrats slam Donald Trump's remarks on a Muslim database 

A sit-in at Amherst College was met with some criticism that students were trying to stifle free speech 

Planning to shop Cyber Monday sales? The NYT gift guide is a good place to start. 

"16 shots! 13 months!" Chicago protesters on Laquan McDonald police shooting 

News Analysis: Obama's Speech on Terrorist Threat Is a Plea for Patience and National Unity 

Donald Trump defends his call to bar Muslims, citing Roosevelt's actions during World War II as precedent 

News Analysis: Trust and Money at Core of Crucial Paris Talks on Climate Change 

Quote of the Day 

Yahoo is said to be part of the inquiry into daily fantasy sport sites in New York 

Who said "Game of Thrones" wasn't for kids? 

One of our most-popular pieces of 2015: The best and worst places to grow up in America 

Ted Cruz tops Donald Trump in a new Iowa poll 

Top Republicans are worried that Trump could lead to an electoral wipeout. But they're afraid to take him on. 

U.S. is increasing its special operations forces fighting ISIS in Iraq 

A multigenerational trip to Tokyo city delights and confounds: 

Lost in the Magic of London's Theaters 

Rutgers's Move to Big Ten Brings Athletic Scandals and Firings 

Michigan State 16, Iowa 13: Spartans Take Big Ten Title by an Arm's Length 

Leib Kelman lit candles on a menorah outside his home in Kensington, Brooklyn (via 

Bill De Blasio's plan would limit, not ban, carriage horses in Central Park 

Our 10 most popular Thanksgiving pie recipes. Mmm ... pie. 

Breaking News: More than 150 hostages have been taken at a Radisson Hotel in Bamako, Mali 

Car owners in the United States can soon play Volkswagen engineer, courtesy of the government 

Shooting "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 2" was "the hardest workout" he'd ever had 

Gay rights activist Harvey Milk is assassinated, this day in 1978. 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the Paris attacks suspect killed in a shootout, had plotted terror for 11 months 

Congress has become the last to admit what the public senses with each new shooting spree 

Mary Beard's ‘SPQR' and Tom Holland's ‘Dynasty' 

Some presidential candidates are trying a new tactic to break through the din: cursing 

Donald Trump's call to bar Muslims drew condemnation from around the world 

See where the airstrikes in Raqqa were in the days after the Paris attacks 

Why is law enforcement allowed to own and control its video footage? 

Melvin Williams, an inspiration for "The Wire," died on Thursday in Baltimore. He was 73. 

Surt was the hometown and last refuge of Qaddafi, and ISIS' roots there go back to the battle to remove him 

Could @Adele's love of old-school, silver-screen glamour actually bring back clothes? 

A nurse in Liberia checked a patient's temperature in February. Coming soon: The Year in Pictures 

For children, dumbed-down phones may be smartest option 

Will "personalized nutrition" transform healthy eating? 

Taylor Swift wrote a $50,000 check. On the blank space, baby? The Seattle Symphony. 

Rising sea levels are washing away the Marshall Islands 

The Blue Origin rocket went up, and it came down in one piece in a test launch 

Social Q: What to do when you feel rejected by a friend who turns down your Thanksgiving dinner invitation. 

What Woodrow Wilson cost my grandfather 

Israeli officer who was filmed beating Palestinian-American teen has been sentenced to 45 days of community service 

Trump doesn't need to persuade his supporters to mistrust Muslims. Most already do. 

Here's where presidential candidates stand on allowing Syrian refugees in the United States 

The murky origins of the largest dinosaur museum in the world 

We've published some of our readers' responses to this question here: 

When it comes to Iraq, Bernie Sanders appears to have taken a cue from Howard Dean 

The last Dalai Lama? Maybe. 

Margaret Atwood is adding another genre to her repertoire: graphic novels 

The toll of Chinese imports on Nigerian manufacturing is fanning worries about Boko Haram 

Urgent prayers and panic amid gunfire: Survivors of the San Bernardino attack recall a day of terror 

How many mass shootings are there, really? 

Obama: No known terror threat to the U.S. before Thanksgiving 

In the G.O.P. primary, a strenuous itinerary does not necessarily mean strong poll numbers 

The killings are happening too often. Bunched too close together. At places you would never imagine. 

No governor has had a year like his. Are there bipartisan lessons in it? My interview and column. 

After spending 4 years in Guantánamo, Hajji Ghalib wanted to go home and live peacefully. Nobody let him do that. 

In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor. But for best picture, all bets are off 

A tiny cousin to Triceratops: about the size of spaniel, and no horns. 

Concussions ended his playing career, but not his love of football 

How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? 5 questions to test your math skills. 

Hasna Aitboulahcen once liked to stay out late partying. She died battling French police. 

Afghanistan's spy chief, a favorite of American officials, resigns 

See why @JulietMacur's tribute to her father moved readers to tears. 

In other countries, you're as likely to be killed by a falling object as by a gun 

Last night's 'Hail Mary' win by the Packers was another blow for longtime Lions fans 

A new wave of beauty comes to Harlem 

Q. and A.: Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, From Captivity to Courtroom 

When news broke of the attacks in Paris, a photographer biked to one of the main targets. This is what he saw. 

Details of the Bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a Paris trash can 

Like Spain in the 1930s, Syria is a divided country bled by an ideological proxy war: 

With our #nytvr app, we put you into the center of @NYTmag's Great Performers series 

Tashfeen Malik, Suspect in California Attack, Remains Mystery to Relatives 

Is Gollum Good or Evil? Jail Term in Turkey Hinges on Answer 

Busy morning? Here's what you need to know to start your day. 

Why won't car dealers sell electric cars to customers? 

What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 

As a mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatic than socialist 

20 make-ahead Thanksgiving recipes. In case you want a little more time to relax. 

Adele has everyone talking. Here's what she's saying. 

Fan Injuries Spur M.L.B. to Call for Netting at Stadiums 

In these hard times, how do you talk to your kids about being Muslim? 

Among the businesses hardest hit by the Paris terrorist attacks, few may be bearing more of the brunt than hotels. htt… 

Michigan State Beats Ohio State on Late Field Goal 

Marco Rubio Quietly Undermines Affordable Care Act 

Black women share their challenges in society for our "Conversation on Race" Op-Doc series. 

What we know about the attack on a hotel in Mali. Follow our live blog for updates: 

The creator of "Hamilton," @Lin_Manuel Miranda, helped write music for the new "Star Wars" cantina scene 

A Muslim college student describes her fear after the Paris attacks: 

Here are all of President Obama's comments after each mass shooting, collected in one place and updated today 

The gun industry recklessly markets military weapons tailored for the civilian homefront. 

Breaking News: China's renminbi will join dollar, euro, yen and pound as one of the world's main reserve currencies 

The bold idea behind a small Brooklyn school 

Television's favorite role? Mom 

Police: Shots fired as hunt for San Bernardino shooting suspects continues. Updates: 

Watch live: French prosecutor speaks on suspect in Paris attacks 

The United Arab Emirates has secretly sent Colombian mercenaries to fight in Yemen 

The Paris attacks have awakened a patriotic fervor in France not seen in decades 

For immigrants, America is still more welcoming than Europe 

Adele's new album "25" sells a record-shattering 3.38 million copies 

They left Syria for a "beautiful life" in Michigan. But after the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 

There's a reason aspiring bomb makers have never found red mercury. @cjchivers reports 

Here are seven simple guidelines for reducing your carbon footprint 

The absurd, gorgeous atomic-age creations from Betty Crocker 

Where to eat, drink, shop and play in London 

Puerto Rico has met a deadline for repaying $354 million in debt, avoiding its first major default 

New Zealand picks a challenger that could replace the nation's flag 

Gluten-free (if not guilt-free) Thanksgiving desserts 

The Women's Equality Party in Britain has an ambition others do not share: to put itself out of business 

Very cool simulator that can assess your team's N.F.L. playoff chances. Give it whirl. 

Looks from the #AMAs red carpet, featuring Zendaya, Selena Gomez, Gigi Hadid and more. 

To defeat ISIS, Muslim states must stop enabling mosques, imams & groups that fuel extremism 

Obama's call for preventing terrorism suspects from getting guns puts Republican presidential candidates on the spot 

A 23-year-old white man has been arrested in connection with an overnight shooting at a Black Lives Matter protest 

The perfect savory cocktail bite 

Essays by expats, travelers & writers examine Paris as it tries to reconnect with its soul: 

Jared Fogle, former Subway pitchman, gets 15-year prison term for sex acts with minors and child pornography 

Massachusetts is abandoning the Common Core test 

Why the animosity directed at the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative? @jbarro walks you through the tax law. 

Q. and A.: Who are the Turkmens of Syria? 

Why "Transparent" is the "The Wire" of family dramedy. 

Muhammad Ali defends Islam after Donald Trump's remarks 

By some estimates, trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails 

A Philippine court convicted a U.S. Marine of homicide in the killing of a transgender woman last year 

On the Cusp of History at the Climate Talks 

Why would a former Texas energy trader spend millions of dollars on Illinois politics? 

Future generations are mentioned a lot at #COP21, but are young people heard during the negotiations? 

Dec. 1 marks a milestone: It's time for Christmas cookies (via 

Into the Homestretch of the Paris Climate Talks 

What happened to LivingSocial 

So to be clear: None of the 5 Paris attackers identified so far is Syrian. 

Jerry Seinfeld gets a regular gig at a New York theater 

In March, @barackobama and @repjohnlewis led a commemorative march in Selma. Coming soon: The Year in Pictures. 

After Paris attacks, anxiety returns to the surface in New York 

Last year, ISIS was mocked (foreign fighters missed the comforts of Nutella) and underestimated as the "JV team." 

At the Culinary Institute of America, students are cooking on and off the court 

Sinosphere: Amid China's Smog Worries, One More: Counterfeit Masks 

Amid rapid gentrification, some longtime residents of Crown Heights are leaving the country. 

Two victims of Daniel Holtzclaw, the Oklahoma police officer convicted of rape, speak out 

Those calorie listings on menus? They have less impact than you'd think. Here's the science on it: 

U.S. will add a third level to warnings of terrorism 

Sheldon Silver was found guilty on all counts in a federal corruption trial 

Miley Cyrus employs "excess like a blunt utensil, bludgeoning the senses again and again" 

The latest draft for a climate deal is in. Here's what it means. 

Parisians won't admit they go to the gym, let alone that they're scared of terrorists. 

Carly Fiorina's nomadic childhood helped build her worldview 

The @FrugalTraveler hunts for the best NYC hotel deals 

Your Sunday Mini Crossword 

Nicholas Thalasinos, one of the 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting, was the gunman's coworker 

After being brutally beaten and getting a $450K settlement, he was trying to move. In the end, he couldn't escape. 

Chipotle shares take another hit after Boston College athletes fall ill 

Port Authority to pay part of Murdoch companies' rent to lure them downtown 

The lead-up to the invasion of Iraq holds lessons for leaders as they talk of war with ISIS 

Kim Young-sam, Former President of South Korea, Dies at 87 

Did Donald Trump predict the Sept. 11 attacks like he claimed? @nytpolitics fact-checks him. 

Contradictory accounts from Pakistan and Saudi Arabia raise questions about where Tashfeen Malik grew up 

Oil-rich UAE pledges to increase use of clean energy, as OPEC plans to keep pumping oil 

Try our N.F.L. playoff simulator to see where your favorite team stands. 

The possibility of Clinton becoming president is only marginally more palatable to voters than that of Trump 

Jordan is asked to admit thousands of Syrian refugees stranded in a remote holding area. 

"The Wiz Live!" moved away from the ornately staged superproductions of the past, with a kind of minimalism 

A Date Which Will Live in Infamy: Pearl Harbor is attacked, this day in 1941. 

President of Liberty University Urges Students to Get Gun Permits 

Friday Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 

"Is he alright?" "No, he ain't alright." Sobs as #FreddieGray arrest videos are played in court. w @sherylstolberg: 

The FBI is treating its inquiry into the San Bernardino massacre as a counterterrorism investigation 

Scientists are mining Greenland's icy environment to understand how climate change will alter the rest of the globe 

In more than 99% of misconduct complaints against Chicago police officers in 2015, there has been no discipline 

Express Scripts to offer $1 alternative to Turing Pharmaceuticals' $750 pill 

Adele Taylor Swift Beyoncé All setting terms for how they want their music to be consumed 

Why "good guys" with guns won't keep us safe 

2015 was supposed to be a year of new beginnings for Robert Hinton. He was killed Friday. 

From the archives: I found our Rockwell-esque Thanksgiving banal. But for my immigrant parents, it was anything but. 

As France strengthens security, a debate arises: how to balance counterterrorism efforts and civil liberties 

Donald Trump Pushes Back at British Petition to Bar Him 

A few rich families set out to remake Illinois. How far did they get? by @nickconfessore 

This couple couldn't decide where to live. So they moved to a different NYC neighborhood every month for a year 

World leaders have 12 days to agree on plans to slow global warming. Updates on #COP21: 

Ted Cruz, the Children's Museum of Houston and his triumph in Texas of ideology over personality 

Getting "ugly" produce onto tables so they stay out of the trash 

Bruce Rauner and his allies wanted to remake Illinois. Then Illinois pushed back. 

Blue-whale-size point is made in Paris on threatened species 

Women have accounted for about 20% of all Palestinian attackers in the last 2 months 

The Marshall Islands are disappearing 

What does Marco Rubio actually think about Syrian refugees? 

Boos overtake laughs as Donald Trump stumbles on Jerusalem before key Jewish donors 

San Bernardino officer who trained for the worst and faced it: "This was actually happening" 

A bit of competition for the tree in Rockefeller Center. 

States Lead Effort to Let Pharmacists Prescribe Birth Control 

Photos of a Mennonite community in Mexico by @berehulak 

So you have been tasked with wine this Thanksgiving. Here is what to bring: 

How Blake Mycoskie, founder of the Toms shoe company, is reimagining the retail experience. 

Tashfeen Malik passed 2 rounds of criminal and national security background checks to obtain a "fiancé visa" 

Pfizer and Allergan Reach $150 Billion Merger Deal 

The Supreme Court has refused to hear a challenge to an assault weapons ban in Illinois 

Where they shared their working hours, and their dying moments 

Whatever happened to a simple Season's Greetings? Holiday cards go from cursive to curses 

Two weeks after the Paris terrorist attacks, France observes a national day of mourning 

Banks have mounted a quiet campaign to muscle Fannie and Freddie out of the mortgage market 

It's the kind of school that Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan may support with their charitable spending 

Kobe Bryant's decline puts the Lakers on the wrong side of history 

Citadel investigating images of cadets in white hoods 

Businesses that license the Trump brand ought to do some soul searching. 

Good TV moms, indifferent TV moms, confused TV moms, condemnable TV moms — take your pick 

How to travel to (and in) Cuba 

Your Friday Mini Crossword 

Hope for Nefertiti's Tomb, and Egypt's Economy 

The news media's grim playbook on mass shootings 

After the Paris attacks, regulating the flow of refugees in Europe has gained urgency 

Bill Cosby gave away the bride. And his best man was O.J. Simpson. 

Crimea in Dark After Power Lines Are Blown Up 

Penis transplants will be offered to wounded veterans 

When is a store window more than just a window? When it's holiday season in New York 

There's still time to figure this Thanksgiving thing out 

French Amb. Gerard Araud is very French but not very diplomatic. His role post-Paris attacks 

On Thanksgiving weekend, some are asking: Is Black Friday over? 

First comes baby, then comes push present? 

Adele's album will not be on streaming services. 

Breaking News: Two people died in a raid near Paris, including one who blew herself up, and the police arrested 7 

San Bernardino, already struggling with bankruptcy and decay, is traumatized by a siege and bloody shootout 

"Sick passenger": A hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 

Australia Presents Stark Example in Debate Over Gun Control 

For addicts, fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 

Miranda July on the missing support for working mothers 

Robert Dear, suspect in Colorado Planned Parenthood attack, appears in court 

Stephen Curry​: A point guard with Baryshnikov's grace 

ISIS wives and enforcers in Syria recount collaboration, anguish and escape 

C. Gerald Fraser, a former NYT reporter, dies at 90 

U.S. Proposes Doubling Spending on Climate-Change Adaptation 

The Nanny Factor in Hollywood Marriages 

He rescued a woman hanging from the window of the Bataclan. Then he survived a 2-hour hostage standoff. 

The U.S. has released Jonathan Pollard, who was conviced ot spying on behalf of Israel, after 30 years in prison 

Have last-minute Thanksgiving questions? Join us for a Facebook Q&A, happening now: 

The top levels of Venezuela's government have increasingly been split among rival factions 

It's time to thaw the turkey 

.@BretEastonEllis on a time when you could be opinionated without being called a troll. 

Your Friday Evening Briefing is ready. 

LATEST: 16 more soccer officials are charged in FIFA corruption scandal after raid in Zurich 

Many doctors are unaware of the HIV-preventing drug Truvada 

A Justice Dept. vs. Koch brothers showdown with Congress and the White House in the middle. 

What role should test scores play in teacher evaluations? New York is still deciding 

Acute mountain sickness can be serious, and not all remedies are equal 

Modern Love: Is There a Doctor in the Marriage? 

A year after 12-year-old Tamir Rice was shot to death, his mom talks to @CharlesMBlow 

Fair Game: Working to Lower Drug Costs by Challenging Questionable Patents 

New York Today: New York Today: Subway Secrets 

Holly Woodlawn, Transgender Star of 1970s Underground Films, Dies at 69 

Miley Cyrus has "gained the stylistic equivalent of the freshman 15" 

An infant, breast-feeding and a wedding. The @NYTMag Ethicist weighs in. 

Breaking News: 35% of Republicans support Trump in Times/CBS News poll; two-thirds of Americans express concern 

The hairdresser Maury Hopson is everybody's best friend. 

Connecticut Gov. Malloy, on his order to ban those on federal terror lists from buying guns 

Jon Stewart Returns to ‘The Daily Show' for Zadroga Act 

A history of flying in the movies 

New diabetes cases, at long last, begin to fall in the U.S. 

Two holiday-ready cocktail recipes: the Hickory Daiquiri Dock and the Conjunction Junction Old Fashioned 

What should you do the event of a terrorist attack? Britain issues advice 

US, as the world's largest economy and second largest carbon emitter, "embraces" its responsibility: Obama at #COP21 

Tip Sheet for First-Time Buyers: 

The Neediest Cases: Philippine Grandparents, Struggling to Start Fresh in a New Homeland 

Seven Syrian refugees arrived in N.J. on Monday, and Gov. Christie could do nothing about it 

An executive order would make Connecticut the first state to ban people on federal terror lists from buying firearms 

Aung San Suu Kyi has moved toward dominance in Myanmar. Her words have become provocative. 

So many ways to celebrate cookies 

The gentrification of cities is a happy story for the top 10 percent, writes Paul Krugman: 

He wanted to find a space big enough to watch "Star Wars" with his son, as his own father shared it with him in 1977 

A carved stone block upends assumptions about ancient Judaism 

A 27-year-old mother who barely uses social media is selling more albums than anyone thought was still possible 

How to balance economic growth with environmental concerns? Germany may have an answer. 

Ryan Coogler narrates a scene from "Creed" 

Tibetan Fights to Salvage His Fading Culture in China 

One of our most popular Op-Eds of 2015: Medicating women's feelings 

What will it take to destroy ISIS? Experts from around the world weigh in. 

Without this Staten Island property, there may not have been a Central Park or Prospect Park 

Black artist Eldzier Cortor's paintings were seldom seen in the mainstream art world: 

Starbucks prospers by keeping pace with the coffee snobs 

Claims that MTV News video backs Donald Trump's assertion of mass 9/11 celebrations is debunked 

Chinese families are looking for a safe place to invest. And American real estate is a very popular option. 

Chicago's police chief has been fired after criticism of his handling of the police shooting of Laquan McDonald 

This #GivingTuesday, help a girl go to school, a rat detect land mines and refugees stay warm. @NickKristof's guide: 

Burkina Faso, a year after an uprising toppled the president, goes to the polls on Sunday: 

An Upshot Classic: How to make yourself go to the gym: 

Migrants arriving in Germany are facing a chaotic reception in Berlin 

Starting today, New York will require chain restaurants to identify dishes high in salt 

Looking for a break from the campaign? Stay away from the TV 

Leaving Boehner's smoke-filled rooms behind, Paul Ryan adopts an inclusive style as speaker 

Collectible architecture 

Google picks Diane Greene to expand its cloud business 

Rye flour is key to these brownies from @violetcakes 

Frank Sinatra gave men license to cry without shame 

In Reykjavik, the culture of storytelling seems to be the source of Iceland's greatest national pride. 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud's 11-month plot to terrorize Europe 

"Mass shootings" and "massacres." When do they get called "terrorism"? By @rickgladstone 

A high-stakes election in Mississippi ended in a tie. So now, the winner will be decided by drawing straws 

Ted Cruz challenges President Obama to debate on Syrian refugees 

New York Today: New York Today: Winter Warmth 

Could a Major League Baseball team's minor league affiliate return to Havana? One group hopes so. 

With nannies blamed for recent celebrity splits, Hollywood parents are hiring cautiously 

Classic photos of the original Penn Station in the 1950s 

A Dallas lawyer was blocked from boarding a flight at La Guardia because the crew didn't "feel comfortable" with him 

Pray for Ted Cruz. That appears to be a chief task to be undertaken by the Cruz campaign's "national prayer team" 

Robert Durst is being sued for $100 million by his first wife's family in her disappearance 

Mixing Whimsy and Prudence at the Thanksgiving Day Parade 

The web of connections among the Paris attackers is expanding 

Holiday gift ideas curated by New York Times editors and critics 

New York police officer fatally shoots man after a car and foot chase 

At age 10, his family was shipped to a concentration camp. He moved to the U.S. in 1949. Zbigniew Macur, 1933-2015 

Police Transmissions of Colorado Springs Siege 

The Ethicist: Should my rich friends apply for financial aid? 

Sleeping in feels so good, but may be unhealthy 

State of Terror: ISIS Wives and Enforcers in Syria Recount Collaboration, Anguish and Escape 

A firebomb attack on a Cairo nightclub killed at least 16 people 

Boko Haram ranked ahead of ISIS for world's deadliest terrorist group 

Good end-of-2015 reading: Which TV show, concert or book is worth experiencing for the first time, all over again? 

"Homeland" recap: Carrie has a new friend, which is a nice surprise. (Spoilers ahead.) 

Why ballet dancers love the basketball player Stephen Curry 

A great cocktail hour appetizer: Fig tart with caramelized onions, rosemary and Stilton 

Republican presidential candidates seize on California attack as proof of terror threat 

The House voted overwhelmingly to slap stringent new screening procedures on refugees from Syria 

1964: "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" airs. NYT called it a "charming and tuneful fantasy."

Anxiety grows in Texas with the expected arrival of 21 Syrian refugees 

A chilling dashcam video of the fatal shooting of a black 17-year-old was released by Chicago officials 

Paul Ryan throws down GOP gauntlet for 2016 

Britain's prime minister is getting an official plane. Not everyone is impressed. 

"Rocky" vs. "Creed": a critical comparison of the two movies: 

The Mets lost the World Series, but they'll still probably get rings. On one of baseball's quirks: 

The NYT review of "The Big Short" 

Why punish drug users at all? 

As the Durst Organization turns 100 years old, Robert Durst casts a long, dark shadow 

Amy Heckerling is tired of Hollywood's focus on weddings, weddings, weddings. 

Shanice Williams on her road to Dorothy and #TheWizLive 

Is there a secret behind King Tut's tomb? 

The New York Times Book Review's Notable Children's Books of 2015 

At Princeton, addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove Woodrow Wilson's name 

On Hanukkah, why not take the latke road less traveled? 

A political fact-checker on where the 2016 candidates stand between True and Pants On Fire: 

On the road with Ringling Brothers. Photos by @stephsinclair: 

A Dutch ISIS Fighter Is Taking Questions on Tumblr 

Paris Victims, Remembered 

Undocumented immigrant laborers are paying the price for New York City's building boom. 

Fathering a child could soon be possible for an American soldier with a horrific war injury 

No, kissing bugs are not a new scourge 

Sleeping later on weekends may be bad for you 

Irish women who had abortions abroad show their faces online. 

After Donald Trump hosted "SNL," several of his GOP rivals filed complaints about receiving equal airtime 

A picture is emerging of the couple suspected of the California shooting that left 14 dead 

Representatives of 195 countries are on the brink of reaching a landmark climate accord 

The New York Times​ 2015 holiday gift guide has arrived 🎁 

An environmental message, from and on the Vatican 

The politics of paid time off to have a baby 

At Paris climate talks, Germany and California show they have a lot in common. 

It was among the most memorable moments in the history of Thanksgiving football broadcasts 

Does a mother's love obscure her objectivity? 

Beijing issues a red alert over air pollution for the first time. Residents brace for "airpocalypse." 

Here are the best TV shows of 2015 

This week on "The Leftovers," the message is: Nobody does it alone. (Spoilers ahead.) 

Climate change has become a hallmark for Obama's second term, and potentially a signature achievement. 

The dubious accounting behind the world's carbon budget 

Why do we struggle to sympathize with large numbers of victims? 

Photos from San Bernardino 

Paris is slowly coming to terms with a new vulnerability 

Anger at Turkey's ‘Stab in the Back' Fills Russian Social Networks and Airwaves 

The idea behind Donald Trump's plan to bar Muslims has deep roots in the U.S. 

We must eliminate large categories of weapons and ammunition in the U.S.: 

How a former Fugee helped elect the president of Haiti 

Sepp Blatter's latest effort to keep hold of power at FIFA has failed 

The Belgian government's threat analysis unit has raised the country's threat level to 4, the highest possible 

When politicians shun refugees today, they are shunning people like my dad. My column: 

Facebook Activates Safety Check in Nigeria 

The Pfizer-Allergan merger is a tax-dodging maneuver that shortchanges the public. 

The only American known to have died in the Paris attacks had a "zest for life." 

Here are the best Champions League games to watch this week: 

The 2016 Pirelli calendar is a page-turner for different reasons 

A first edition of the King James Bible was discovered at Drew University 

Work-Life Balance: How Mark Zuckerberg's Example Helps Fight Stigma of Family Leave 

My review of "This Old Man," charming collection of essays & portraits by New Yorker magazine veteran Roger Angell: ht… 

How people would donate $45 billion if they, like Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, had it 

The suspect in the Colorado shooting, who made this RV his home, wanted "to be left alone" 

America needs a national slavery monument: 

With Ronda Rousey's stunning loss, here are 10 fighters who could become UFC's biggest star 

Congress's wrong-headed proposal to close the U.S. to refugees from Syria 

Chuck Williams, Entrepreneur Who Made Kitchenware Stylish, Dies at 100 

Something skipped on a lake: _ _ _ _ _ Try our Wednesday mini crossword: 

Business are changing their names, and children named Isis are crying from taunts. 

Social Q's: Thanksgiving guest list woes 

Scott Fagan's second chance after close calls left him a near-footnote to music history. 

Victims in Colorado Clinic Shooting Include Iraq War Veteran 

Hosting Thanksgiving dinner? Here are some dos and don'ts 

Indians, hit hard by climate change, closely watch Paris talks 

Rejecting Test, Massachusetts Shifts Its Model 

Start Thanksgiving off right with this pumpkin bread recipe 

Stanford 38, Notre Dame 36: Stanford Kick Sends Notre Dame's Playoff Hopes Reeling 

How to shop smart (and avoid dud deals) this holiday season 

The NYT review of "The Danish Girl," starring Eddie Redmayne 

How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? Test your own math skills 

The Origins of Jihadist-Inspired Attacks in the U.S. 

Apple names Periscope the top iPhone app of 2015 

ISIS was born out of America's Camp Bucca prison in Iraq, the perfect place to build an army 

Punishments were swift after he shared a meme juxtaposing Gollum with Recep Tayyip Erdogan 

An island nation, slipping underwater: the Marshall Islands are disappearing. 

2015 in the United States: More days with mass shootings than not 

What's a four-letter word for drawing attention as a candidate for president? 

Landslide in Myanmar kills about 100 

A former investigator for Republicans on the Benghazi committee is suing the panel and its leader 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" — U2's Bono, on ISIS 

President Obama is right to caution against the risk of further alienating Muslims: 

France's Marine Le Pen, the leader of the far right, gets a boost in regional elections 

How the Paris attackers are connected 

Victims in the shooting at Colorado Planned Parenthood center Jennifer Markovsky Ke'Arre M. Stewart Garrett Swasey 

Uncertainty. Frenzy. And then Donald Trump appeared. 

New York Today: New York Today: A Sidewalk Forest 

Six raids are being conducted in Brussels in relation to one of the dead Paris attackers 

Wanting more than a veto and a prayer after mass shootings 

Coming Thursday: Watch Michael Fassbender take flight in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 

What are the odds of a gun homicide in other countries? Some very surprising comparisons. 

Ted Cruz creates a "national prayer team" for his campaign 

The Eagles of Death Metal returned to Paris on Monday night, playing with U2 

Head of US Soccer apologizes for #USWNT cancellation. 'We screwed up. It won't happen again.' 

A behind-the-scenes look at the effort to take down Fannie and Freddie 

Saboteurs blacked out Crimea by destroying power lines. Now activists are preventing repairs 

Kobe Bryant can most easily be described by one word: Volume 

This week's Vine: Take Flight with Melissa McCarthy, two cats and more Hollywood stars! 

Within the next year, a U.S. soldier with a horrific war injury will have a penis transplant 

Save the planet. Eat ugly. 

Your guide to the 5 biggest shopping malls in America 

Make the pie dough today, and it will be one less thing to worry about on Thursday (via 

"Serial" is back. We talk to "Zero Dark Thirty" writer Mark Boal, who interviewed Bergdhal: 

Hanging out with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler is just as delightful as you'd imagine. My story: 

In an unusual move, a juror in the Sheldon Silver trial pleads to be excused 

Douglas Tompkins, 72, North Face founder, dies in kayaking accident 

The news you need, fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 

Ted Cruz questions Donald Trump's "judgment" to be president 

The U.S. economy is growing, but it's not fixed yet 

These girls in California want to become Boy Scouts 

How to party like a Texan: barbecues, dips, drinks, pies. 

Justice Antonin Scalia seemed hostile to an affirmative action plan at University of Texas 

‘A Whole New Being': How Kricket Nimmons Seized the Transgender Moment 

Swatted: How Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police 

Rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud is Paris in a nutshell 

Candidates reacted bizarrely to Obama's Sunday speech on the evolving threat posed by ISIS. 

Thai police are investigating the U.S. ambassador there on suspicion of insulting the king 

Thinking about chowder? Warm up with this Iberian-inspired soup. 

You may not own a gun, but chances are you're part owner of a gun maker. 

More than a dozen people are expected to be charged in new wave of arrests in FIFA scandal 

Small fleet of cars lining up at Baur au Lac to take ExCo officials to FIFA house for crisis meeting at 9am. 

David Letterman, even in retirement, keeps on interviewing 

Watch Live: Speaker Paul Ryan describes his governing philosophy during an address at the Library of Congress. 

San Bernardino "still on alert," mayor says. Live updates: 

First Draft: Ted Cruz Attacks Marco Rubio on Privacy and Immigration 

Forget turducken. It's piecaken time. 

Photographing soldiers back from war 

More than 70 airstrikes hit Raqqa in the days after the Paris attacks: 

The @FrugalTraveler hunts for the best NYC hotel deals: 

Black Leaders in Chicago Push for Investigation of Police Department 

President François Hollande of France is meeting with President Obama in Washington today 

The 911 system isn't ready for the iPhone era 

Miley Cyrus delivered a speech about her deceased blowfish and sang about space-people sex 

How exercise helps rewire the brain 

Civilian Deaths Raise Questions About C.I.A.-Trained Forces in Afghanistan 

The Paris talks won't be enough. This is what an ambitious climate plan would look like. 

They helped erase Ebola in Liberia. Now Liberia is erasing them. 

3 tips on what to wear this holiday ­season 

The last time The Times ran an editorial on the front page was in 1920 

Newly-elected mayor of Alaska's capital is found dead 

A picture is emerging of the couple suspected of the San Bernardino shooting 

After unusual stumbles, Rafael Nadal's year ends in hope 

It's Cyber Monday. Get a jumpstart on holiday shopping with these gift ideas for everyone on your list. 

Newborn baby is left in a nativity scene at a Queens church 

A map of the Colorado Springs area where a gunman exchanged fire with police 

"There's no point in hiding it. There is a real threat" in Brussels. 

Want more football? Here are the best college football games to watch on Friday. 

Unable to shut down Guantánamo Bay prison, officials are looking to reduce its population 

Today at Supreme Court: the meaning of "one person, one vote" 

How the birth of farming may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 

A fascinating riddle from 1958: What's happening to the world's ice? 

Squirrels' color vision closely resembles red-green color blindness in humans 

Cuba and U.S. to discuss settling claims on property. 

Watchdog groups expressed optimism that the Sheldon Silver verdict could spur a more aggressive round of action 

Struggling with how to talk to kids about terrorism? Start by being honest. 

We really want to hear from you: How Should We Balance Civil Liberties and National Security? - The New York Times 

One of our widely read pieces in 2015: Raw video has thoroughly shaken American policing 

Gift ideas for everyone, from your niece to the man who likes the finer things in life 

Dimitri Mellos's guide to Greece take viewers beyond pretty postcard images 

End the gun epidemic. We must drastically reduce the number of firearms in the U.S.: 

Where Americans are planning to travel for Thanksgiving 

This week on "The Affair," as usual, we were reminded of just how hard it is being Alison 

Debut of @nytpolitics podcasts in which me & @patrickhealynyt gab about covering Hillary Clinton, @carolynryan hosts 

My column: More Americans died since 2012 from guns than in Korea, Vietnam & Iraq combined 

As Gay Rights Ally, Bernie Sanders Wasn't Always in Vanguard 

Nigeria's Comics Pull Punch Lines From Deeper Social Ills 

Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 

Kentucky's governor restores voting rights to thousands of felons. 

The early morning raid in St.-Denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 

Go On and sulk. Unhappiness won't kill you. 

Two men arrested in connection with the overnight shootings of 5 people during a Black Lives Matter protest 

Mariano Rivera. born November 29, 1969. My tribute: 

Andrew Lloyd Webber is ready to rock 

An investigation into the patterns and practices of the Chicago police could be announced as early as this week 

Why car salesmen don't want to sell electric cars 

Senate votes to block Obama's new climate change regulations 

Tensions are heating up over Turkey's downing of a Russian warplane 

Tashfeen Malik studied at a university in Pakistan. @declanwalsh spoke with teachers there: 

Martin Shkreli provokes alarm again with plan to increase price of drug for serious infectious disease 

A judge in the FIFA scandal was arrested when the cruise ship he was on docked in Florida 

A look back at Jimi Hendrix's 1969 performance at Woodstock 

New York Today: New York Today: Knick Names 

Romo brought Dallas to life. Green Bay stopped a losing streak. NFL Week 11 news and scores: 

Hate crime inquiry opened into vandalism of Sikh temple in California 

Sinatra used the microphone to convey an astounding intimacy, infused with a tender eroticism 

The words no New York subway rider wants to hear 

Remembering Sinatra in Hoboken and beyond 

She had lived part-time, then full-time, as a woman. Now, there would be no turning back. 

A Korean county has achieved its goal: Less birth control, more babies 

A look a the conservative religious school that Tashfeen Malik attended in Pakistan 

A new frontier for the American West, on the outskirts of Beijing 

The writer, director and actress Frankie Shaw on the cycle of white men in Hollywood 

Editorial Board: The case against Woodrow Wilson at @Princeton 

Planned Parenthood sues Texas in dispute over funding for clinics 

What drives gun sales? Fear of restrictions. 

Here's a sneak peek at Maureen Dowd's cover story on women in Hollywood. Check back on Friday for the full story! 

Civilian deaths are raising questions about C.I.A.-trained forces in Afghanistan 

Jeb Bush is trying hard not to be the Mitt Romney of 2016 

Review: ‘The Danish Girl,' About a Transgender Pioneer 

U.S. cautious on Iran missile test claim 

Photographs of the people working in the coal industry in a remote corner of India 

An appeals court rules Oscar Pistorius is guilty of murder, overturning a lesser conviction 

Most of Hong Kong is not an urban jungle, but rather a real one, teeming with wildlife. 

You probably won't find Adele's new album on Spotify or Apple Music 

Victims of the Paris attacks came from 29 countries. Nohemi was a Californian with a dream 

13 recipes for the weekend 

Is this a long-lost Leonardo masterpiece, or the work of a notorious forger? 

The new season of #Serial, focusing on Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, is here 

Virginia mayor apologizes for Japanese internment remarks 

All politicians lie, but some lie more than others. 

How an effort to close loopholes in California's assault weapons law was thwarted 

The terrorist attack near the Stade de France has made sports officials around the world feel newly vulnerable 

The woman who died in the St.-Denis raid opened fire and then killed herself; A man died when a grenade detonated 

Join the debate: How should societies balance civil liberties and national security? 

It's time to end the gun epidemic, the Editorial Board writes in a front-page statement 

Explosion causes minor damage at Yasukuni Shrine in Japan, source of regional tensions 

New York Police's counterterrorism unit will have 527 officers by the end of the year. 

Tashfeen Malik, the woman who helped carry out the San Bernardino shooting, had pledged allegiance to ISIS 

9 Things Every Skier Should Know This Winter 

National Book Award's Non-fiction prize: "Between the World and Me" by Ta-Nehisi Coates. My review: 

Patrol officers, often likely to arrive first at a shooting, are being trained to head into unfolding attacks 

The "winter antidepressant" balloon didn't make the parade. 

Photos: An early-morning raid north of Paris 

Trump has no solution for his followers' desperate angst. All he's done is give the marginalized permission to hate. 

Brandon Smith, reporter who forced release of Laquan McDonald video is barred from news conference 

Are good doctors bad for your health? 

How Kricket Nimmons seized the transgender moment 

Condemnation of Donald Trump's proposed ban on Muslim immigrants can't bridge the divide among Republicans 

Romo brings the Cowboys to life. Newton throws a career-high 5 TDs. NFL Week 11 highlights: 

The notable children's books of 2015 

A bookshop where everything is recommended 

Duane Clarridge? The advisor @RealBenCarson disavowed last night? He helped with a Carson WaPo Op-Ed today on ISIS 

Your Weekend Briefing: Mali, Brussels, Chicago 

Syrian Family Diverted From Indiana Feels ‘Welcomed' in Connecticut 

Today's news fast, in Your Tuesday Evening Briefing 

35th anniversary of John Lennon's death absorbed online into a debate about gun violence 

We will be live-streaming President Obama's speech from the Oval Office. Watch: 

At Donald Trump rally in North Carolina, the protesters just keep coming 

Photos: Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 

On Tether to Fossil Fuels, Nations Speak With Money 

The czar of Private Eye magazine probably wields as much power as any media boss in Britain 

Special Report: Wall St. is using Washington's revolving door to try to take mortgages away from Fannie and Freddie 

NFL Week 13 had huge playoff implications. Seahawks and Jets fans should be pleased. 

A portfolio of tiny houses, to collect like contemporary art 

Paris Climate Talks Avoid Scientists' Goal of ‘Carbon Budget' 

Breaking News: The House has voted to back stringent screening on Syrian and Iraqi refugees, defying a veto threat 

The Affair: ‘The Affair' Season 2, Episode 10: A Sick Bad Guy 

A gunman in Colorado Springs has wounded at least 8 people including 4 officers 

Savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 

Oscar Pistorius Granted Bail Following Murder Conviction 

Updated: Gunmen wound multiple people at a center for people with disabilities in San Bernardino. Some feared dead. 

Ben Carson supporters cite "vulgar, personal attacks" in seeking campaign donations 

The Supreme Court is set to hear arguments on Tuesday on "one person, one vote" 

French return to cafes in a show of defiance, a modern-day symbol of "la résistance" 

A feminist T-shirt resurfaces from the '70s and become a sensation on Instagram 

Chris Christie's been rising in New Hampshire, using stories of 9/11 to connect with voters 

Seeking a holiday special for the disillusioned and dejected? Look no further. 

Fantasy sports' real crime: Dehumanizing the athletes 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, an ISIS militant from Belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

Beijing issues red alert over air pollution for the first time. 

The painted bunting is the hottest thing in Brooklyn right now 

She runs a secret network of safe houses in Iraq. The women who come to it have been to the edge of hell and back. 

Banksy's latest works make a point about immigration 

A visual tour of Raqqa, the capital of ISIS 

Indonesia cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of AirAsia Flight 8501 

The curious incident of the duct-taped dog on Facebook 

Bill Cosby gave away the bride. And the best man was O.J. Simpson. 

Donald Trump is suggesting that he saw "thousands" cheering in New Jersey after the Sept. 11 terror attacks 

Now LIVE: Watch Hollywood stars fly high on your desktop or fly with them via #nytvr 

Inside the Gould Memorial Library, a dazzling building in need of a facelift. Photos 

Black Friday Retail Workers Try to Make the Most of a Shopping Slump 

Germany Will Not Send the Singer Xavier Naidoo to Eurovision 

Venezuela faces big challenges for a delicate winning alliance 

Just posted: @HamiltonMusical will begin open-ended production in Chicago next fall 

At climate talks, nations will not set a cap on total greenhouse gases, as recommended by scientists 

Compensating NFL players who might develop brain disease met with skepticism 

This Thanksgiving, there's plenty to be grateful for in sports 

Why the Yankees play "New York, New York" after every game 

Marc Porter to Leave Christie's for Its Archrival, Sotheby's 

Trump's take on de Blasio? "The worst mayor in the U.S." 

The Nets' disastrous deal with the Celtics keeps getting worse 

One of our widely shared stories of 2015: The radical vision of author Toni Morrison 

General Electric Calls Off Sale of Appliance Unit to Electrolux 

This couple couldn't decide where to live. So they moved to a different NYC neighborhood every month 

Watch Tom Hooper narrate a scene from "The Danish Girl," starring Eddie Redmayne 

Obama Calls for Stronger Gun Laws After California Shooting 

Reading blood pressure seems simple. But your numbers can change several times a day. 

Conference championships will be decided today. Here are the best games to watch. 

Breaking News: French police, seeking the planner of Friday's attacks, arrested 5 people in a raid 

Donald J. Trump's proposal is awful. But it's not unconstitutional. 

Best cheap eats in NYC for 2015 

Skrillex, Diplo and Justin Bieber won an AMA for "Where Are Ü Now." How it came together: 

Modern Love: Is there a doctor in the marriage? 

Gunmen Sought After 5 Are Shot at Protest of Police in Minneapolis 

Michael Skolnik, the 37-year-old in the middle of Civil Rights 2.0. 

A new museum aims to put Beirut on the global art map 

Photos of presidential thanksgivings 

Warriors 111, Lakers 77: Warriors Rout Lakers and Set Record for N.B.A.'s Best Start 

The former State Senate majority leader Dean G. Skelos and his son were found guilty of all eight corruption charges 

What's happening to Obamacare premiums 

.@Nigella_Lawson's bang bang turkey and more Black Friday recipes 

For the first time in 81 years, Las Vegas bookmakers are taking wagers on the Heisman Trophy 

San Bernardino police identify second suspect in shooting: Tashfeen Malik 

Brussels Placed at Highest Alert Level; Subway Is Closed 

A Life on the Move Molds a U.C.L.A. Basketball Star 

Ted Cruz nabs two more endorsements from social conservatives 

Donald Trump Calls for Surveillance of ‘Certain Mosques' and a Syrian Refugee Database 

They fled ISIS: "How should we, the rest of the world, treat these women?" #NYTLetters 

Dick Cheney criticizes Donald Trump's Muslim policy 

Republicans finally have their vote to repeal Obamacare. Now what? @herszenhorn 

Scott Weiland, who died in his sleep Thursday night, was a rock singer precisely of his time 

A skateboard with an electric motor is this year's must-have gift. What could go wrong? 

White House Letter: On Foreign Trip, Obama Yet Again Contends With Events Elsewhere 

US autosafety regulators are overhauling rating system for cars, which has served as a government seal of approval 

They came to a Donald Trump rally to get extra credit for a class. They were about to become part of the lesson. 

You probably have a to-go pasta dish. Next time, try this one instead. 

Just 63 percent of high school students passed a New York State algebra exam, so officials might make it easier 

Alabama Wraps Up Playoff Spot With Victory Over Florida in SEC Title Game 

"Love" and disbelief follow Donald Trump meeting with black leaders 

When President Obama addresses the nation tonight, it will be only the 3rd time he has done so from the Oval Office 

Democrat wins Mississippi House race after drawing straw 

In less than a month, Canada has executed a complete about-face on global climate change 

Wired For Profit: To Those With Addiction, Daily Fantasy Sports Looks a Lot Like Gambling 

Two Jewish Teenagers Convicted of Murdering Palestinian, 16 

The effects the terror attacks are having on commerce in Paris and the eurozone: 

They left Syria in 2013 for a camp in Jordan and arrived in Detroit last week. Their story 

It's time to bring Cuba online 

Hollande: "My thoughts go to those islands, which will, very soon, purely and simply, disappear. Here, I want to be their v… 

ISIS was considered such a small threat in 2011 that the U.S. dropped the bounty on one of its leaders to $100,000 

When a bag is based on math 

He blew the whistle at JPMorgan Chase, then came the blowback 

Kobani, a town scarred by ISIS and turned into a battleground, is trying to rebuild 

Who is turning blue states red? @AlecMacGillis on the non-voting poor. 

The leader of a Taliban splinter group allied with the Islamic State has been killed 

Shielded from the camera, workers spend conference calls doing just about anything else 

Massachusetts attorney general proposes fantasy sports regulations 

How a conservative-led Australia ended mass killings 

American museums are recasting the history of 20th-century art to include black artists 

.@CoralMDavenport & @JustinHGillis answer your questions about #COP21 and climate change 

Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 

Is Hillary Clinton's challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curtain? 

The San Bernardino shooting suspects built more than 12 pipe bombs and stockpiled thousands of rounds of ammunition 

The British don't celebrate Thanksgiving, of course, but they have embraced Black Friday 

These salmon are the same age. The bigger one has been genetically engineered: 

To understand the unusual power of Donald Trump's words, we analyzed 95,000 of them 

Woodrow Wilson has been central to Princeton. But talk of his racist views is complicating his legacy on campus 

Mixing whimsy and prudence at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 

A most fascinating story of massive student debt -- and the role the federal government plays in letting it pile up. 

Millions are without power in Crimea, where authorities have declared a state of emergency 

Stocks and ratchets: So hot in Paris @COP21 right now. 

It doesn't get more festive than this cranberry curd tart 

Breast-feeding may be good for mothers, not just babies 

Oscar Pistorius has been granted bail ahead of being sentenced for killing his girlfriend 

How Switzerland's privacy laws have come into play in the US' #FIFA corruption case, keeping info. out of reach: 

As we search for our first David Carr Fellow, we've been reminded how much David continues to inspire journalists 

Which city has adopted the lowrider scene with the most swag? Tokyo, São Paulo, Jakarta? 

Marco Rubio's more open discussion about his religion opens a part of his life that he doesn't often discuss 

"No more baby parts," the suspect in the Planned Parenthood shooting rampage is said to have told police 

Republican candidates are cursing in public more often, and they're doing it on purpose 

From a Nairobi slum, Pope Francis delivered his sharpest remarks yet on his first trip to Africa 

SantaCon is fighting for its right to party (responsibly) 

An art world mystery worthy of Leonardo da Vinci 

How different would Thanksgiving be if pumpkins and squash had gone extinct? 

A neurotic's guide to small talk 

Photos of the Day 

She's become Beijing's worst nightmare 

Don't worry, be unhappy 

Gunman arrested after shootout at Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs 

Chinese schools have been ordered to move away from teaching Tibetan. Tibetans fear their culture will be wiped out. 

The Planned Parenthood shooting has highlighted the elaborate security used at abortion clinics 

Bryce Harper of the Nationals and Josh Donaldson of the Blue Jays win baseball's MVP awards 

German Parliament Votes to Send Military Assistance to Fight ISIS 

Similar criminal allegations, same 5-star hotel, different soccer officials, more arrests: 2.0 in the US #FIFA case: 

Some turn to church; others, to CrossFit 

Special Report: A handful of rich families set out to remake Illinois politics. Here's what happened. 

My look at the online hothouse where ISIS supporters grow, with @mattapuzzo and @EricSchmittNYT 

We fact checked Donald Trump's claim that he witnessed cheering of the Sept. 11 attacks 

Like Romney, Jeb Bush is awkward and goofy. But his team wants to avoid Romney's mistakes 

Woodrow Wilson's Legacy Gets Complicated 

The San Bernardino shooters had long been radicalized and had been practicing their aim at a target range 

Gunmen shot 5 people at a Black Lives Matter protest in Minneapolis 

Putin orders sanctions against Turkey, after the downing of a Russian warplane by Turkey 

"Hamilton" will have an open-ended production in Chicago starting next fall 

How DO all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose? @garyrudoren investigates 

Here are 7 simple guidelines for reducing your carbon footprint, from @UpshotNYT 

Democrat Defeats David Vitter in Louisiana Governor's Race 

The cult of the Toto toilet 

Croatia, Macedonia and Serbia have started screening refugees on the basis of nationality 

"Please, Lord: Help us." Inside the Inland Regional Center: The story of the terrorist attack that left 14 dead. 

Telegram messaging app closes public channels used by ISIS militants 

Coal is in trouble, and that could be good news for a warming world 

A new project aims to identify and recreate ancient wines drunk by the likes of King David and Jesus Christ 

Woman Held in Grisly Death of Expectant Mother Spoke of Being Due to Give Birth 

How 3 modern young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 

Thanksgiving quiz: Who is eating what, and where are they eating it? 

They all won "America's Next Top Model." Where are they now? 

Few players in the NBA have a more graceful plié than @StephenCurry33 

Spain arrests terrorism suspect in plot against Swedish artist. 

To shop or not to shop on Black Friday, and where 

Attacks show how ISIS inspires terror 

Catch up in the news, with Your Evening Briefing 

Airlines weigh the hazards of carrying hoverboards because of their lithium batteries 

How to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic gag 

Federal authorities are searching for two Afghan Air Force trainees who walked off a base in Georgia 

Students in Beijing exercised inside a classroom because smog was too heavy to do so outside 

Pope Francis ends African trip with visit to a mosque 

Pregnant Woman Killed in Stabbing in the Bronx 

How the Paris climate talks will strive for success that eluded the Copenhagen talks 

A dumb phone could be the best option for your child's first phone 

He wrote the lyrics for 'Fiddler on the Roof.' Now he's 91. My profile of Sheldon Harnick: 

Yahoo is said to be added to investigation of daily fantasy sport sites 

Marine Le Pen's anti-Islam message gains influence in France 

Watch the full @RetroReport documentary on heroin and the war on drugs here 

14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 

Vanishing glaciers & Asia water crisis. My report from Mengke Glacier. 

Obama has ordered an inquiry into accusations that intelligence reports on ISIS were altered 

Why would an 82-year-old man kill his son, his daughter, his wife and himself? 

Meet New York's first micro-apartments 

Twitter responds to a knife attack in a London subway station with #YouAintNoMuslimBruv 

What climate change looks like: Shells dissolving in acidifying oceans 

Review: Ailey Company begins dancing a prison tale 

A handful of rich families set out to remake Illinois politics. Here's what happened. 

Accused Colorado gunman left behind trail of disputes and occasionally violent acts 

Ta-Nehisi Coates wins National Book Award for nonfiction for "Between the World and Me" 

Flower power. Literally. 

U.N. Security Council Approves Resolution Urging Countries to Combat Islamic State 

For the U.S., Russia and France, an alliance against ISIS may be easier said than done 

Seeing art for the holidays: a New York visitor's guide 

After Paris Attacks, Ties That Bind Patrons at a Cafe Also Burn 

At the Talks: The Important Question to Be Resolved 

‘South Park' is sketching grander satirical themes this season 

In #FreddieGray jury selection, a glimpse of life in Baltimore. ''Strong feelings'' about police misconduct. 

A man once imprisoned in Guantánamo is leading a fight against ISIS and the Taliban 

Should you take that Facebook quiz? 

Laquan McDonald, 17, was fatally shot by a Chicago police officer in 2014. Video of shooting was ordered released 

The best of Week 12 in the NFL 

Your evening briefing is here, catch up quickly on what happened today 

Gunfire Exchange in Colorado Springs 

In one of many efforts to restore its reputation, FIFA donated $1.2 million worth of watches to charity 

A new wave of arrests in the widespread soccer corruption scandal includes two FIFA vice presidents 

After attack, Republicans keep hammering Planned Parenthood 

The NYT review of "Creed" 

A Honduran deportee returns to the country that he tried so hard to escape. 

Pursue a lost love? Readers debate the wisdom of trying to find the one who got away. 

After huge fires, scientists are worried about a dangerous summer ahead in Australia. 

The writer and producer Dana Calvo on why liking Lara Croft doesn't make you a feminist. 

The NYT obituary for Adele Mailer, artist who married Norman Mailer 

Say so long to data charges. With Google's offline maps, getting around gets cheaper. 

Volkswagen today gave the most detailed explanation yet of the emissions scandal. @JackEwingNYT analyzes it 

In the wake of recent mass shootings, many Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition 

World leaders at the Paris climate talks have left the building. Now the real work begins. 

NYT's first use of "Black Friday" to describe the day after Thanksgiving in 1975. 

New York police are stepping up their fight on terrorism 

Russia is worried by the prospect of thousands of Russia-hating jihadists returning under the banner of ISIS 

A winter squash soup with a hint of ginger 

This Paris avenue embodies exactly what the terrorists targeted 

Colorado Suspect in Custody 

What @jennydeluxe learned from David Carr: 

Helping Syrian refugees isn't naïveté, says @NickKristof. It's humanity. 

Did Harry Styles actually look like your grandparents' couch at the #AMAs? You decide. 

Dow Chemical and DuPont Set Merger and Plans to Split 

As Obama pushes a climate deal, Republicans move to block EPA's emissions rules 

Our latest fact check looks at a comment Donald Trump made in citing a poll about Muslims 

Attackers suspected of being jihadists killed 3 people at a U.N. base in Mali 

The outcry against Syrian refugees has some Japanese-Americans revisiting dark memories of internment camps 

Justice Scalia: black students should go "to a less-advanced school ... where they do well." 

Creditors Signal Potential Support for Overhauling Puerto Rico Debt 

Kentucky was the only Southern state to embrace the Affordable Care Act. Now it may be moving a different direction 

Donald Trump has lashed out at a petition seeking to bar him from entering Britain 

The close ties between exercise and beer 

Angela Merkel was named Time's Person of the Year. Here's what you need to know about her 

Remember the poor. Respect the youth. Protect the unborn. The pope's message in Kenya. 

.@NYTmag is now on @Instagram. Follow to see portraits of the women of Hollywood 

Jason Van Dyke, officer in Chicago shooting is released from jail 

Puerto Rico's Debt Relief to Get Supreme Court Hearing 

A visit to the Saeed Book Bank in Islamabad, which displays 200,000 titles, many in English 

Food gift ideas — practical, beautiful and edible — from the editors of @nytfood 

Tashfeen Malik attended conservative religious school in Pakistan 

Belgium lowered its terror attack alert level for Brussels 

Britain has had to contend with two threats recently: terrorist strikes and rain. 

A surprising amount of coin toss lore has built up over the years 

Join the debate: How should we balance civil liberties and national security? 

Make a pizza in about the time it takes to wait for the delivery man 

The sport of curling has been swept by a controversy over high-tech brooms 

The Koch brothers have a secret weapon to reach Hispanic voters. It's called Libre. 

Americans who don't buy health insurance face a heftier fine in 2016, an analysis has found 

Roundup: No. 1 North Carolina Falls to Northern Iowa 

Adele mostly maintained a public silence while recording "25." Then "Hello" dropped. 

What China has been building in the South China Sea 

The NYT stories that held your attention the longest in 2015 

Join me at NOON for a Q-and-A on "Buying Power," our series on how wealthy families are changing American politics. htt… 

Donald Trump's proposal to bar Muslims reverberates abroad 

The officer killed in Colorado, Garrett Swasey, was a father of 2 and had been a nationally ranked figure skater 

After Myanmar election, few signs of a better life for Muslims. 

A guide to what is at stake during the Paris climate talks: 

Americans are more supportive of working moms, but 1/2 still say women shouldn't work if their husbands earn enough: 

Breaking News: Police in Colorado Springs have detained the suspect who was holed up in a Planned Parenthood clinic 

Curling, the ice sport with brooms, is roiled in controversy over — what else? — the brooms. 

Latest updates on the aftermath of the shooting in San Bernardino, California 

Robert L. Dear Jr., the Planned Parenthood shooting suspect, was charged with 179 counts 

Making Way for High-Level Negotiations in Climate Talks 

Conflicting Reports Over Whether Taliban's New Leader Has Been Killed 

Eagles of Death Metal return to Bataclan for first time since Paris attacks 

Behind Russian Jet's Downing, Building Tensions and Frustrations for Turkey 

Race in America: Your stories 

.@Adele on her career ups and downs 

North and South Korea Move Toward High-Level Talks 

Yahoo abandons its plans to distribute Alibaba stake and will instead spin off its core businesses: 

Donald Trump Bolsters Lead in New Hampshire, Poll Shows 

Topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the Culinary Institute of America 

For many, Thanksgiving is one big excuse to eat lots of stuffing (

Sgt. Goosby is responsible for drilling 19 dogs and dispatching them at a moment's notice 

Meet the NYT's top commenters. This is an amazing group of humans: 

Weather-related disasters have killed more than 600,000 people in the past 2 decades 

Full moon, White House. Happy Thanksgiving! 

About 400 miles southeast of Sicily, Surt has become an actively managed colony of the central Islamic State 

Key moments in the case of Jonathan Pollard 

Review: ‘The Color Purple' on Broadway, Stripped to Its Essence 

In 1970, a group of Vietnam War protesters tried to blow up NYU's most expensive computer 

We're thinking about Thanksgiving leftovers too 

Coldplay's new album, "A Head Full of Dreams," is blissful and bittersweet 

How to prepare for an earthquake 

Paris Attacks Darken Tone of G.O.P. Campaign Ads 

Paris prosecutor confirms Abdelhamid Abaaoud is among the dead. His identity was confirmed through forensic testing. 

Dow Chemical and DuPont are said to be in merger talks 

There's something for everyone in The New York Times 2015 holiday gift guide 🎁 

Which "Nutcracker" is right for you? 

Think of cauliflower Parmesan as the winter analogue to eggplant Parmesan 

Editorial Board: Princeton should erase the name of Woodrow Wilson, an unrepentant racist 

The NYT obituary for John Trudell, outspoken advocate for American Indians 

The 1st major gay rights showdown since Houston rejected its anti-discrimination ordinance is shaping up in Florida 

U.S. pressing for U.N. resolution to cut off ISIS' financing 

"Nobody here wants a repetition of what happened in Copenhagen…Perhaps not all the planets were aligned, but today they are… 

Donald Trump's rivals condemn his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. 

U.S. Tightens Visa-Waiver Program in Bid to Deter Militants 

More than half of all community college students experience food and housing insecurity. 

These Thanksgiving appetizers are ready in no time 

Keeping Score: With Steve Kerr Sidelined, Warriors' Perfect Start Raises Questions of Credit 

For this guest at Art Basel Miami, it's easy being green (via 

Mark Zuckerberg takes to Facebook (where else?) to defend his philanthropy 

Why poor areas vote for politicians who want to slash the safety net 

There are at least 649 nonillion ways the NFL season could end. Explore them all. 

Turkey cook times 

Decorating Homes With Pilgrims and Turkeys Before Elves and Reindeer 

A clip of Obama singing "Amazing Grace" in Charleston is sampled on the new Coldplay album 

Special Report: The suspect in the Colorado rampage was a recluse who longed for women, and mixed religion with rage 

Es hora de conectar a Cuba a Internet 

This Hanukkah, why not take the latke road less traveled? 

A brawl broke out (again) in Ukraine's Parliament 

The near-impossibility of assimilation in Belgium 

Hillary Clinton has stopped laughing at Trump and started to rethink how to respond to him. Story with @maggieNYT 

The FBI will be taking over the San Bernardino shooting investigation from local officials 

Fried pickles, Princess Bride at church, broken promises of taco pizza. Ted Cruz's weekend in Iowa. 

Questions begin after Manchester United is ousted 

Josh Donaldson and Bryce Harper are your 2015 most valuable players. 

One suspect detained in San Bernardino shooting. Number of injured is now 17. Live updates: 

A power outage forces Crimeans to reconsider their enthusiasm for secession. 

A rare night out in Paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

The Islamic State killed 6,073 people last year. Boko Haram killed even more. 

Who knew about Abaaoud's travels? EU countries have opened their borders to one another but not their intelligence. 

Hillary Clinton on how she'd "rein in" Wall Street 

Paleontologists have discovered a distant relative of Triceratops 

As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 

One change could improve global soccer on multiple fronts: more women, writes @MoyaDodd 

There's a smarter way to shop this holiday season than relying on Black Friday 

"Creed" is a "dandy piece of entertainment," writes @aoscott 

Heat 97, Knicks 78: With Little Bench Relief, Knicks Run Out of Steam 

What @amychozick learned from David Carr: 

It's all about the gravy 

.@AOScott's movie review of "Creed" 

With expanded police powers in France, some question if the loss of liberties is appropriate 

Laws Struggle to Keep Up as Hoverboards' Popularity Soars 

How America's late-night TV hosts responded to the Paris terrorist attacks. 

Meal Plan Costs Tick Upward as Students Pay for More Than Food 

Congressional democrats are cautiously defending the Syrian refugee program 

Federal agents are tracing the origins of the 4 guns recovered from the suspects in the San Bernardino shooting 

His last year looming, @BarackObama's approval rating is stuck in the middle 

Obama repeats call to make guns less accessible after Planned Parenthood shooting 

Yahoo is expected to abandon its plan to spin off its stake in Alibaba 

Bernie Sanders boasts of his gay rights record, but in Vermont he was seen as less than a leader on the issue. 

Airbnb releases trove of NYC data on the ways people open their homes to guests 

Social Q's: How to respond to unwanted presents 

As Sheldon Silver trial began, a "humble" assemblyman didn't appear guilty to several jurors 

Chris Christie is riding high after a coveted newspaper endorsement in New Hampshire. At home, though... 

1951: The New York housewife out to do her Thanksgiving Day shopping. The Lively Morgue: 

A chat with the two young stars of the new @starwars film 

As a surgeon, Ben Carson was busy, largely successful and came easily to fame. 

You say you loathe @tedcruz? You still might want to vote for him 

What's the best book, new or old, you read this year? Our columnists weigh in. 

Scott Weiland, former singer of Stone Temple Pilots, died at 48 

Adele's new album goes viral -- even as she shuns streaming music and social media. 

Europe enters a debate over how to balance counterterrorism efforts and civil liberties. 

U.S. sees elite military unit as key to push against ISIS 

U.S. investigators are struggling to track homegrown ISIS suspects 

Congressional Democrats cautiously defend the Syrian refugee program 

After months of false starts, the campaign to retake Ramadi from ISIS has finally yielded some success 

Terror threat puts Belgium's tribal squabbles in harsh light 

Republicans attack President Obama's address on terrorism 

Pop moves and mutates, but Adele more or less does not 

What do college students have in common with Katharine Hepburn? A love for Mondel Chocolates 

Woodrow Wilson's legacy gets complicated 

Bill Gates Expected to Create Billion-Dollar Fund for Clean Energy 

A new policy strands thousands of migrants in Greece. Powerful photos 

The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart 

From Indonesia, a Muslim Challenge to the Ideology of the Islamic State 

100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 

‘Just Get Us in The Room': some of our favorite quotations from the women of Hollywood 

Green Monday Sale: Enjoy 25% off and free shipping. Shop The NYT Store gift guide now. 

To save African penguins, zoos and aquariums are managing their love lives 

Where presidential candidates stand on gun violence 

A rattled community struggles to process the San Bernardino attack 

Photos: On the road with the Ringling Brothers Circus, at the end of an era 

Women who were overweight at 18 are at increased risk for sudden death, no matter what their current weight is 

State of Terror: ISIS' Grip on Libyan City Gives It a Fallback Option 

After being called out for copying, Chanel does the right thing. 

Sandy Berger, who had a critical role in the strategy to end a war with Yugoslavia's Slobodan Milosevic, dies at 70 

China's coastal cities are on a path to submersion. Shanghai has the most to lose. 

Before and after: New York City landmarks get dressed for the holidays 

On the 2015 list of Twitter's top tweets: Terror attacks, same-sex marriage, a boy's clock, One Direction's breakup 

Your guide to cooking a Thanksgiving turkey 

In ISIS's backyard in Syria, a dream of a secular utopia 

Sheriff releases names of the dead in San Bernardino shooting 

Sheldon Silver, Ex-New York Assembly Speaker, Is Found Guilty of Corruption 

Predatory Islamic State Wrings Money From Those It Rules 

E! announces "The Soup" will end in December after 22 seasons 

Gina Prince-Bythewood on Hollywood's dominant male point of view. 

Follow live updates on the San Bernardino shooting: 

The NYT Editorial Board on the children left behind after mass shootings: 

He was bashed after raising the price of a drug from $13.50 to $750 a pill overnight. But he's still smiling. 

After Death, Nevada Issues Cryotherapy Guidelines 

Doris Matsui, congresswoman born in internment camp, responds to Trump 

Japan Whaling Fleet Set to Leave for Antarctic 

The plains of Mississippi one dew-covered morning (via 

Nohemi Gonzalez was emblematic of other Paris victims: Young. Ambitious. Chasing dreams. 

What can you do about your own carbon footprint? Here's a short explanation: 

Issa Rae on the many capable women she meets in Hollywood who are not given a chance. 

Britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

Japan Economy Grows, Avoiding a Recession 

A permit to build earth's largest telescope on Hawaii's tallest mountain has been rescinded 

Why does a person who lost weight always feel cold? 

A brief glossary of Internet hyperbole: - THIS - a;lsdkjfa;lsdkgjs; - I can't even 

Victims of the Paris attacks came from 19 countries. Nohemi was a first-generation Mexican-American from California 

Attack on U.N. Base in Northern Mali Causes Casualties 

Muslims around the world are speaking out to defend Islam from being hijacked by ISIS 

The unsolved killings of transgender women in Argentina have jolted the country 

Kim Young-sam, former president of South Korea, dies at 87 

A friend of the San Bernardino attackers has become a crucial if unlikely figure in the investigation 

Barnes & Noble wants to become more than books 

These cows were gene edited to be hornless, and may be the future on 4 legs 

On Sunday's episode of #TheWalkingDead, things got intense in Alexandria. Spoilers ahead. 

Suspects in San Bernardino shooting used semiautomatic rifles that were legally obtained 

Comedian Jim Gaffigan on how to travel with 5 kids 

No, the tryptophan in turkey won't make you sleepy 

It was a game that meant nothing. Except that on this night, nothing felt like everything. 

Police officer killed in shootout at a Planned Parenthood center is remembered as a loving father and courageous man 

Workers Ratify U.A.W. Contracts With General Motors and Ford 

The suspect in the Colorado shooting was seen as a man who mixed religion and rage 

Breaking News: The woman who helped carry out the San Bernardino shooting had pledged allegiance to ISIS on Facebook 

Short answers to hard questions about climate change 

Gifts for the home at every price point 

One of our favorite stories of 2015: She saw his ad for a roommate, moved in and never left 

How the $160 billion Pfizer-Allergan deal ranks 

What if going viral matters more than Iowa? 

Obama will attend climate change talks in Paris despite security concerns 

Faced with another bloody massacre, Senate Republicans killed a measure to keep guns away from suspected terrorists. 

Fighting in Kabul's Diplomatic Quarter Ends, Afghan Officials Say 

Social Q's: How to handle a friendship that has been rocked 

Lighting of the "World's Largest Menorah," and more NYC events. 

We analyzed Trump's words: He repeats divisive phrases, harsh words and violent imagery that presidents rarely use 

A Canadian Christmas tree vendor has become a fixture on the Upper West Side, where he provides "holiday happiness" 

"Carol" leads the Golden Globes with five nominations 

See what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 

As big retailers ready for Black Friday, some small businesses are going the other extreme 

A chocolate coconut cake that only improves overnight 

Imagine waking up in a box, completely weightless. Are you falling toward Earth or floating in outer space? 

A litter of puppies was born for the first time that was conceived using I.V.F. 

The top news, fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 

He was a Purdue football coach who advocated for college athletes' rights. That may have cost him his job. 

It was a game that meant nothing. Except that on this night nothing felt like everything. 

Why "good guys" with guns won't keep us safe: 

Taliban Say They Will Release Recording of Leader to Prove He Is Alive 

Greek New Testament papyrus is discovered on eBay 

Over the weekend, we examined Donald Trump's recent rhetoric to understand the power of his words (95,000 of them) 

Meet the Italian immigrants who put the first Christmas tree in Rockefeller Center, in 1931. 

Why snapping is the new clapping 

Anger and doubt rise after Idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies 

The holiday movie season, in trailers 

Michel Houellebecq: The French are rather easy to govern. But they are not complete idiots. 

Ben Carson elaborates on a number of scientific, religious and medical topics 

Judge upholds state AG's injunction barring daily fantasy sites from operating in New York 

Despite the litany of social ills and troubles — or maybe because of them — Nigeria has never laughed harder 

Chris Christie's formula for reviving his campaign: 1 part fear, 1 part selective memory and 1 part intolerance. 

5 killed in Tel Aviv and the West Bank by Palestinian attackers 

Get the news fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 

Chris Christie Endorsed by Key New Hampshire Newspaper 

.@zeynep: Policing WhatsApp won't stop terrorists. 

As mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatist than socialist 

Adele on singles vs. albums, ego, motherhood, her changing voice and dealing with fame 

It began as a hashtag. Now, #BlackLivesMatter is an Internet-driven civil rights movement 

History, luxury, terror: why fashion in France matters even in the face of tragedy - 

After mass shootings, political leaders have offered little more than platitudes. 

Japanese internment camp survivors discuss the backlash against Syrian refugees 

The Trump effect, and how it spreads 

Black Friday falters. 

Pope Francis begins his first trip to Africa today 

The Banality of Trumpism 

In this corner: our 1976 review of "Rocky" And in this corner: our 2015 review of "Creed" 

How Christie is turning around his standing in New Hampshire, with emotional tales of Sept 11. My close up story 

Snow accumulated on the Great Wall of China as winter took hold. More photos from Monday 

Muhammad Ali: Political leaders have a responsibility to foster understanding about Islam 

France's day of mourning was tinged with patriotism, solemnity and no lack of defiance 

.@mikeisaac & I look at what happened to a unicorn that ignored unit economics in pursuit of a huge potential market 

The man who saved the world, or at least ensured Hitler never got a nuclear bomb 

Days with mass shootings, like the one in San Bernardino, happen more often than not. 

The latest on Paris and more, in Your Evening Briefing 

Why China is increasingly vulnerable to the effects of climate change 

Fried chicken, Nashville style: American food at its crispest and most fiery 

It's pie season 

The Bamako hotel siege illustrates how Islamic extremists in Mali have changed their tactics in recent years 

Why it takes 2 years for Syrian refugees to enter the U.S. 

.@KendallJenner at the #AMAs. See more red carpet looks: 

President Obama's Oval Office speech Transcript: 

On France, England and soccer's most beautiful term: friendly. 

bell hooks: "There is so much feeling of being lost." 

Local Muslims who saw Gov. Chris Christie as an unexpected champion are now feeling betrayed 

In Venezuela's elections, loyalty for the government is slipping. @willieneuman 

Paul Krugman: Inequality and the city 

Recipes for a last-minute Thanksgiving 

Cervical cancer is being diagnosed earlier in young women since the Affordable Care Act became law 

A video game company is hoping to test a prescription video game for kids with ADHD 

Thinking of living in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn? You're not the only one. 

Your Weekend Briefing: San Bernardino, Gun Debate, Zack Greinke 

"South Park" has revitalized itself with an ambitious story about modern disillusionment 

Texting has changed how we converse. But how do playwrights reflect that onstage? My story: 

Authorities shed no light on whether Colorado gunman deliberately targeted Planned Parenthood or just ended up there 

A majority of Americans want the U.S. to join other countries in a climate change treaty 

Thunderous applause for including goal to limit global warming to 1,5C degrees in #COP21 document 

Walk along Rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud in Paris, and you will find the city in a nutshell 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" —Bono, on ISIS 

Fire in Chinese Coal Mine Kills at Least 21, Officials Say 

Suspect's Brother-in-Law Speaks Out 

Brussels is on lockdown for a third day as Belgian officials search for terrorism suspects 

Russia gives France a puppy to replace police dog killed in Paris raid 

Students' protests may play role in Supreme Court case on race in admissions 

Are you dealing with the out-of-shows blues? You are not alone. 

A warning from the archives: Climate change may cause "serious environmental damage" 

Getting rid of email trackers that detect when and where you read your mail isn't easy 

Franklin Roosevelt's granddaughter criticized Donald Trump for his remarks about Muslims 

The NYT obituary for Norman C. Pickering, the 99-year-old who refined the record player 

Transgender Argentines confront continued murder and discrimination 

What would a serious plan on climate change really look like? 

A departure point for Syrian migrants off the coast of Turkey in January. Coming soon: The @nytimes in Pictures. 

David Vetter died at 12 having lived his short life entirely in a plastic bubble 

Number of Boston College students who became ill after eating at a Chipotle grew to 80 

How to pull off a perfect Thanksgiving feast 

Robert Kirkman on the #WalkingDead's midseason finale, Glenn's story and Negan's arrival 

Why are student protesters so fearful? 

Sinosphere: Beijing's Red Alert for Smog Rekindles Anger and Confusion 

Follow @RebeccaRuiz, @SamBorden, @mattapuzzo for updates on FIFA arrests. They're starting to get names. 

"Sneeed. It's almost Dickensian in a way." On the very unDickensian upbringing of Carly Fiorina, aka Carleton Sneed. ht… 

Viola Davis and Edie Falco talk race, sex and life before stardom 

Pop music might change, but Adele doesn't. @JonCaramanica reviews her new album "25." 

Justice Antonin Scalia steps into "mismatch" debate with his remarks in affirmative action case 

What makes the way Donald Trump talks so distinctive -- and so prone to insults and aggrandizing? 

Watch live footage from the Paris suburb of St.-Denis after a raid aimed at detaining a suspect in Friday's attacks 

The NIH will retire its chimps to animal sanctuaries, ending an era of biomedical research 

In stunning short films, top actors pay homage to the ultimate Hollywood magic trick 

On Whiteness: Reckoning with what is owed — and what can't be repaid — for racial privilege. 

Marco Rubio has abruptly changed the course of his campaign to zero in on Ted Cruz 

In Paris, museums and theaters are coming back to life. But security concerns haven't made that easy. 

Stung by edict on gays, Mormons leave church 

Gift ideas for every type of traveler 

New Diabetes Cases, at Long Last, Begin to Fall in the United States 

The price of a tube of gel to treat cutaneous T cell lymphoma rose to about $30,320 from $1,687 in 2009 

Flight may be Hollywood's most enduring and iconic form of movie magic 

Martin Shkreli spent millions of dollars on the only existing copy of a Wu-Tang Clan album 

The U.S. women's soccer team refuses to play on turf it calls unsafe. Men only play on sod. 

Kate Hudson hasn't made a hit movie in years. Does it matter? Not so much. 

#Paris prosecutor's office just released a statement on the ongoing police raid in #SaintDenis 

Read one of Pvt. Harold Moss's letters from the Pacific; you'll want to read them all 

Coming soon: Great performers in #nytvr. Get the app here 

When you're finished with the turkey, binge on these TV shows 

Qaddafi's son Hannibal is said to be abducted in Lebanon 

NATO plans to expand its membership. Russia isn't pleased. 

The U.S. unemployment rate held steady at 5% in November, unchanged from October 

"Mx."? Why the Times used a new, gender-neutral courtesy title in a recent story 

Birth control pills should be easier to get. Two states are recognizing this. 

Shala Monroque skips makeup during the day and heads to the sulfur baths 

NYT theater critics share their picks for the best shows of the year 

Fans of Starwood's loyalty program aren't feeling good about the Marriott merger. 

At Princeton, Addressing a Racist Legacy and Seeking to Remove Woodrow Wilson's Name 

#COP21 is nearing its deadline. In 2009, similar talks on a climate accord came to a murky end 

Heightened Security is seen at Union Station in Washington @Amtrak police officer outside the Union General Store. 

A salad you will want to eat all winter long 

The 2016 Golden Globes nominations are in 

France's Far-Right National Front Gains in Regional Elections 

ISIS wasn't the deadliest terror group in the world last year. It was Boko Haram. 

Coldplay and "multiple acts" will play the next Super Bowl halftime show 

By 2010, ISIS was gutted by U.S. and Sunni tribesmen. How it rose again from the shadows more brutal and determined 

New York police officer fatally shoots unarmed man after chase into Westchester 

Have you ever taken a line drive to the face at an MLB game? This man has 

For 5 nights, this decommissioned rail line in NYC became home to a hidden speakeasy 

ISIS' biggest source of cash appears to be the people it rules 

He lost his sisters and 13 close friends in the Paris attacks 

Jennifer Hudson (@IAMJHUD) has dogs named Oscar and Grammy. Is Tony next? 

Modern Love: The 5 stages of ghosting grief 

Gunmen stormed a hotel in Mali, seizing 140 guests and 30 employees as hostages, per company that runs hotel 

Despite Global Events, U.S. Gasoline Prices Remain Low 

Genital injuries are a silent war wound for hundreds of men. That's why doctors will soon attempt a penis transplant 

The microcomplaint: nothing too small to whine about 

ISIS tightens its grip on the Mediterranean port city of Surt, giving it a fallback option 

Canine Flu Has Dog Owners Wondering if Fido Needs a Vaccine 

Gov. Jerry Brown of California issues statement on the San Bernardino shooting 

If you love to bake for the holidays, consider going in a salty direction 

Our digital culture has a bad case of analog fever. 

Nohemi Gonzalez, killed in the Paris attacks, had been pursuing her dreams in design 

Miami's Art World Sets Sights on Little Haiti Neighborhood 

To skin a cat, ‘‘go with the grain of the hair ... '' 

Warren Buffett's grandson wants his social-minded investments to improve the world 

Breaking News: Mayor Rahm Emanuel has fired Chicago's police superintendent amid criticism over a police shooting 

She unknowingly had a photo of her future husband on her phone for months before they met. 

Special Report: As world leader discuss climate change, Pacific islanders watch their nation vanishing into the sea 

November's Places to Go reader photo takes us to Glacier National Park in Montana. 

The Laquan McDonald video gave a chilling depiction of the fatal shooting, which occurred in a matter of seconds 

A standout UNC athlete, he slipped into a life of mental illness and homelessness. He died with $13 in his pocket. 

Warriors 124, Celtics 119 (Double Overtime): Celtics Work Overtime, Twice, but Come Up Empty as Warriors Go to 24-0 

Why it takes 2 years for a Syrian refugee to apply to come to the US 

ISIS' grip on Libyan city expands its power in the country and gives it a fallback option 

A new computer program outperformed humans in identifying handwritten characters based on a single example 

'Do you know me? Do you know my heart?' Muslims in New York share their experiences 

Top FIFA officials were arrested in a pre-dawn raid at a (familiar) Zurich hotel 

Marshall Journal: They Helped Erase Ebola in Liberia. Now Liberia Is Erasing Them. 

Scholars unveil new edition of Hitler's "Mein Kampf" 

Coal is in trouble, and that might be good news for a warming world 

There's another world of challah out there that isn't braided, yellow or squishy 

Damon Lindelof discusses ‘The Leftovers' finale and the show's future 

How to spend 36 hours in Oakland, California 

LATEST: Aflredo Hawit, president of Concacaf, among those arrested in latest FIFA sweep. 

Democrat John Bel Edwards easily wins the Louisiana governor's race 

Aung San Suu Kyi and the head of Myanmar's military met today, a step toward sharing power 

House hunting this weekend? Before you go, look at the Upshot's rent vs. buy calculator. It may pay to rent. 

The pharmaceutical executive who raised a drug price 5,000% bought the sole copy of the new Wu-Tang Clan album 

North Korean Band Abruptly Leaves China, Its Concerts Canceled 

Here are the best college football games to watch Saturday. Plan accordingly. 

How a radical feminist T-shirt came to have an Internet fashion moment 

Macau's casinos are struggling amid China's economic slowdown and corruption crackdown. 

How to survive your time at the airport this Thanksgiving season 

Students' protests may play a role in a Supreme Court case on race in admissions 

Breaking News: Connecticut to Ban Gun Sales to Those on Federal Terrorism Lists 

The Republicans have a big New Hampshire problem. 

Pecan pie truffles may be the most intense holiday goodie you've ever tried 

Paris and Mali attacks expose lethal Al Qaeda-ISIS rivalry. 

This is the perfect finish to a Thanksgiving feast (via 

Laquan McDonald video is just one of many putting race and policing into sharp relief 

N.F. L. Roundup: Tony Romo Injured in Rout by Panthers 

E.U. Opens Inquiry Into Possible McDonald's Tax Breaks in Luxembourg 

This rugelach recipe goes rogue with the fillings (via 

Breaking News: Donald J. Trump has called for the U.S. to bar all Muslims from entering the country for now 

Good Sunday reading: Momentum builds for taxing consumption instead of income. 

Israel Convicts 2 Youths in 2014 Killing of Palestinian 

New York Today: New York Today: Queasy Rider 

The broken dreams of Nohemi Gonzalez, a young American woman killed in the Paris attacks. My story. 

Couple Kept Tight Lid on Plans for San Bernardino Shooting 

How 3 modern, young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 

Nothing but raves, nothing but net: Stephen Curry is home 

My 2015 year-end Top 10 book list: 

Sweaters for the slopes — or the streets 

As his 80th birthday approaches, @jacques_pepin shares his food memories 

Dee Rees, one of our women in Hollywood, on being a black, female filmmaker. 

Scott Weiland was a rock singer precisely of his time 

How Frank Sinatra's "New York, New York" became a hit at Yankees games 

When the U.S. withdrew from Iraq, it thought it had subdued ISIS. The group is now on a very different trajectory. 

The Syrian ISIS enforcers, wives I met in southern Turkey are each a strand of Syria's story (1/6) 

Both the Kochs & Paul Singer network have discussed a Stop Trump effort, but neither wants a public spat w him 

Muslims in New York and elsewhere are dealing with a backlash after terrorist attacks. 

The interim police chief in Ferguson, Missouri, is leaving the post early 

To make "Master of None" feel authentic, @AzizAnsari & Alan Yang filmed where they hang out 

Bill Gates takes on climate change with nudges and a powerful rolodex. 

Drone photos provide a sense the long, arduous journey migrants are making across Europe 

Scott Weiland, former singer of Stone Temple Pilots, dies at 48 

The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart. It's the work of a 15-year-old in Ohio. 

Critic's Notebook: Avenue Spared in Paris Attacks Embodies What Terrorists Targeted 

Don't know what to get the music and movie lover on your list for the holidays? We can help. 

Police asked Belgians not to tweet about police operations. Twitter responded with cute cat pictures. 

The NYT review of "The Hunger Games​: Mockingjay Part 2" 

New charges in FIFA case expected to hit South and Central American soccer officials particularly hard. 

First thing to know about Abdelhamid Abaaoud, target of this morning's Paris raid: his own family wants him dead. 

The Paris climate talks: A guide to what's at stake 

Road to Robotic Parking Is Littered With Faulty Projects 

The top books of 2015 

An Indonesian Muslim organization has launched a global campaign against jihadism 

The climate talks in Paris could lead to a sweeping effort to save the world's forests 

Why it takes two years for Syrian refugees to enter the US 

Marine Le Pen is reaping the political fruits of fear in France 

Looking for charming day trips in Southwest Germany? The @frugaltraveler has some advice: 

Hanging out with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler is just as delightful as you'd imagine 

A plush Zurich hotel is becoming as well known for FIFA raids as it is for its hospitality 

Along Sunset Boulevard, there are stars on the menus as well. 

"Fiddler on the Roof" is coming back to Broadway, and its lyricist is going strong at 91 

Pakistan sends 30 migrants back to Europe 

A billionaire European family is on a caffeine-fueled binge to roll up the coffee industry 

Adele, a 27-year-old mom who pretty much ignores social media, is selling more albums than anyone thought possible. ht… 

One parent, on Paris: They might have guns, but we have flowers 

The famous gams of the Rockettes once again are kicking off the holiday season 

Phenomena: The Peculiar Ascent of Bill Murray to Secular Saint 

Paul Krugman: Republicans' panic over Syrian refugees fits a pattern 

How to make a pie crust 

The small business backlash to Black Friday 

1894 discussion of how Thanksgiving was celebrated a half century prior. 

Our interactive Thanksgiving menu planner makes planning fun. For real. 

Car dealers have met the car they won't sell. It's electric. 

At Climate Talks, Time to Whittle Down the Options 

For a certain generation, Instagram has become a life résumé of sorts: "This is me. This is my life. Jealous?" 

The four expected teams made the College Football Playoff, but Michigan State jumped Oklahoma in the seeding. 

Meet the man who gave Victoria's Secret​ model Candice Swanepoel her Angel wings. 

On this day 35 years ago, John Lennon was killed outside his apartment building—he was 40. 

Reports of gunfire in Paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 

Teenagers aren't getting enough exercise at school — or anywhere 

Obamacare is an imperfect system, but it's workable — and it's working, writes @NYTimeskrugman 

Is the period of rapid growth in greenhouse emissions finally over? 

Inside Raqqa, the de facto capital of ISIS 

Is the outrage over President Obama's reaction to the Paris attacks overrated? 

Tulsi Gabbard, Rising Democratic Star From Hawaii, Makes Mark on Party by Defying It 

Two suspects were killed about 3.5 miles from the site of the San Bernardino shooting. 

Here's the location of the "active shooter" incident in San Bernardino 

Senate Republicans finally fulfilled their quest to pass legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act. What's next? 

Hillary Clinton has an image problem that she cannot seem to shake 

Priced out and moving on, African-Americans and West Indians are leaving Crown Heights. 

Gov. Jay Inslee: Why my state won't turn its back on Syrian refugees. 

Terror attacks and threats can heighten our feelings of anxiety. If that sounds familiar, here's how to cope 

The season's most intriguing, gift-worthy DVD releases 

What climate change looks like: Mountains with little snow 

Hoverboards, a coveted holiday item, run afoul of some laws 

Facebook is testing new tools to make breaking up easier to do 

Accused Colorado gunman left behind a trail of disputes and occasionally violent acts 

After the San Bernardino massacre, GOP candidates' silence on gun policy speaks volumes 

Tulsi Gabbard is a workout warrior, yogi, combat veteran and Obama critic 

Much of the world agrees that ISIS needs to be crushed. But how that can be accomplished is a lot more complicated. 

The now familiar reading of the names candle light vigil. This time in San Bernardino 

Donald Trump has responded to the outcry over his call to ban Muslims from the U.S. 

Turkish fighter jets on patrol near the Syrian border shot down a Russian warplane 

Americans are deeply fearful of another terrorist attack, lifting Donald Trump in a New York Times/CBS poll 

Bill to Repeal Health Law Passes Senate 

``Burundi's war, if anything, is a dirty war.'' The dynamics driving the violence and fear in Burundi. 

Biologists have created a mosquito that can't spread malaria 

Pop quiz. Which company has created more value for shareholders over the last two decades? 

Flicking a hip or tossing off a pirouette to Metallica 

A great contract to have your kids sign before handing them their first phone: 

San Bernardino suspect's relative expresses shock, but no hints on motive 

The planet's neediest billionaire is aiding our enemies, writes @frankbruni. 

Kings 99, Knicks 97: No Whistle, and No Win, for Carmelo Anthony and Knicks 

For Muslim members of Congress, Trump's call represents a stark affront. 

BREAKING: New wave of arrests in widespread FIFA corruption scandal. Live updates from scene in Zurich. 

Breaking News: Authorities have begun more arrests as part of an investigation into corruption among FIFA officials 

To everyone who re-Tweeted me last night, a sincere "Thanks." Here's the story I wrote fleshing out the main points: 

Follow live updates from @nytimes on the hostage situation in Mali: 

Scott Weiland, Former Singer of Stone Temple Pilots, Dies at 48 

On Republican Campaign Trail, Slow and Steady May Win the Race 

The battle to block ISIS on Twitter 

Here is a transcript of President Obama's Oval Office speech: 

The Pentagon is reviewing the U.S. response to the rise of ISIS 

The sobering cost of New York City's building boom: Construction deaths have surged. 

Blood pressure can jump around as much as 40 points in a day 

The 10 best books of 2015 

Listening to #Serial? Check out @nytgraphics' maps (from 2014) on Bergdahl's disappearance. 

Climate Research at the End of the World 

5-star recipe: Tomato bisque with fresh goat cheese 

"Live Shopping. Fully Loaded." That's the tag line for a new network that aims to be the QVC of guns. 

Google Cultural Institute Puts Us All Onstage 

Jeb Bush's Team Tries to Soothe Donor Concerns 

Juan Napout (Paraguay) + Alfredo Hawit (Honduras), presidents of Conmebol + Concacaf, implicated in US #FIFA case: 

The front page of The New York Times for Saturday, Dec. 5. 

Mark Zuckerberg reassures Muslim Facebook users 

The view from up there: George Steinmetz photographs New York from the skies. ttp://nyti.ms/1OWi4FR 

Male celebrities appear to be embracing the post-breakup makeover 

Google's new tools to help people find directions without the fear of data overage charges 

The top news fast. Your Evening Briefing is ready. 

Always wanted to join @nytfood editor @SamSifton for Thanksgiving? Now you can - follow 'thenytimes' on Snapchat🍴 

Migrants did not expect to have to worry about extremist violence in the European Union. 

A Revolving Door Helps Big Banks' Quiet Campaign to Muscle Out Fannie and Freddie 

Russian truckers, irate over new tolls, are blocking roads near Moscow 

Gwyneth Paltrow's official (unofficial) gift guide, as recorded by @meganamram 

5 Are Shot Near Minneapolis Protests, Police Say 

Shake Shack's food for thought for the Fed 

$21 million: How much Lauren Bacall's 3-bedroom New York apartment was sold for. 

The Google Cultural Institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas 

Quote of the Day: 

Gene-edited animals are already being raised on farms — some for food, some to fight disease, some, perhaps, as pets 

British prosecutors are ending their phone-hacking investigation 

Today was a turkey day. For your next holiday feast, go with goose. 

In Utah soda wars, it's the Extra Dirty Second Wife vs. the Missionary 

New York Today: New York Today: The Verdict Is In 

Full statement from #Paris prosecutor on ongoing raid in #SaintDenis related to #Paris attacks 

How a former Burberry executive is bringing ultraluxe to Apple stores 

2 men from Afghanistan who were in the U.S. for training at a Georgia air base are missing 

Storm system batters Colorado and Texas 

Coming Thursday: The year's best actors — as chosen by @aoscott — take flight in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 

A Chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around Beijing's landmarks 

San Bernardino County Offices Reopen After Shooting 

Teams from France and England paid tribute to victims of the Paris attacks before a match 

Fabulous dresses to kick off the holiday season 

The best TV shows of 2015 

8 short word games, from easy to hard, that can be played with your whole family 

Donald Trump's Republican rivals condemn his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. 

World leaders at the Paris climate talks have left the building. Now the real work begins 

A leg of the finest ham from Cinco Jotas costs about $670 in Spain. China can't get enough 

Last-minute Thanksgiving ideas and tips 

Paris Talks Herald an Important First Step on Climate Change 

Facebook suspended her account, but her real name is Isis 

Ted Cruz's disturbing views on climate change (and other things), from @nytopinion 

Chasing a Deal: Insights From the Talks 

Very wealthy people who maintained or increased their fortunes this last year had these essential traits in common: ht… 

30 young men helped Liberia eradicate Ebola by burning bodies. Now, they are shunned by society 

If the Cowboys win tonight, details on how they can make the playoffs (nonfiction): 

How mass shooters got their guns 

Hillary Clinton is looking past Bernie Sanders as part of her strategy to defeat him 

9 things every skier should know this winter 

Enjoy the big Thanksgiving dinner! A doctor's advice on overeating, plus a collection of other nutrition advice. 

Listening to #Serial? Last year, we mapped the area where Bowe Bergdahl disappeared. 

In California, Stingy Water Users Are Fined in Drought, While the Rich Soak 

Chicago to expand use of police body cameras 

Border Patrol traffic checkpoints, up to 100 miles north of Mexico, confine undocumented immigrants to a small world 

Marco Rubio bets the Grand Old Party is ready for his younger face 

Chicken salad from Costco implicated in E. coli infections 

In a corner of Romania, the holidays are ushered in by troupes of bearskin-clad revelers 

A photographer explores the relationship between humans and animals. It's complicated. 

Obama urged Americans not to give in to fear or language that casts suspicion on all Muslims 

More than 5,000 answered the question: Do you worry about the possibility of a shooting? 

Extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 

Bono welcomed the Eagles of Death Metal to perform with U2 on Paris stage 

Google's Eric Schmidt on how to build a better web 

Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police. It's a crime that's hard to stop. 

3 men, who were holed up in the apartment, were "extracted" by police forces and have been arrested. Identities not known … 

On the eve of Thanksgiving weekend, some are asking: Is Black Friday over? 

One analyst predicts that in 5 years, 50% of American households will have joined Amazon Prime 

Just why do Americans need Obama to get all emotional about things? 

Medicare has decided to pay physicians to discuss end-of-life care with patients. Are doctors prepared for the task? 

In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor, but for best picture, all bets are off. 

Buying Power: A Wealthy Governor and His Friends Are Remaking Illinois 

Beijing's first-ever red alert for heavy smog is causing anger and confusion in China 

The victims of the Paris attacks included an architect, a student, and music fans. Here are some of their stories. 

How the Paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error 

Steph Curry, Artist: 

Soundproofing for New York noise: 

Did the Paris attacks change your views on individual rights & security? Join the debate: 

Robert Dear described those who attacked abortion providers as "doing God's work" 

For many of these Bob Ross superfans, the joy of painting lives on 

Taliban Releases Audio Purported to Be of Their Leader 

Shoppers set a record for Black Friday gun sales last week, topping Black Friday gun buying binge after Sandy Hook 

Walmart Prepares to Enter Mobile Payments Business 

Husband remembers his wife, "merry, with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids" 

Solving a mystery that left Aristotle wondering. 

#YouAintNoMuslimBruv trend: Response to London Attack Inspires Hashtag 

We've all seen the tweets comparing Jewish refugees of the 1930s with Syrians today. How apt are the parallels? 

Trump uses "we" to cleave the crowds to him - they are winners because they like him 

Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 

Officials are scrutinizing Enrique Marquez, who bought the 2 assault rifles used in the San Bernardino attack 

Black Friday has offered deals for some, but silence and disappointment for others 

Michael Cuddyer Calls It a Career, and the Mets Gain Some Flexibility 

Photos of Mexico's Mennonite heartland 

Breaking News: Colorado officials have identified the man held in the clinic shootings as Robert Lewis Dear 

Oscar Pistorius Granted Bail Ahead of Sentencing 

Most people who took our climate change quiz scored 3/8 or less. Can you beat their scores? 

At a cafe struck in the Paris terror attacks, patrons raise a glass in defiance 

Boko Haram is suspected in a deadly explosion at a Nigerian market filled with shoppers stocking up for dinner 

2 Arrested Over Attack on Luxury Hotel in Mali 

A selection of creative gifts for kids up to age 12 

A cinematic history of going airborne, by @aoscott 

The Tony Awards will be delayed by a week next year, and will return to the Beacon Theater 

FIFA Ethics Committee Recommends New Sanctions for Blatter and Platini 

Ted Cruz knows you probably don't want to get a beer with him. But he's trying. 

Update: We have the audio where Ted Cruz questions Donald Trump's "judgment" to be president 

Leaders in France and Belgium are seeking tougher security measures 

YouTube covering legal fees for a handful of videomakers who want to fight takedown notices 

Adele's thoughts on "Hello" and 6 other songs on "25" 

The backlash against Syrian refugees recalls dark memories for Japanese-Americans 

Why is the U.S. more successful than Europe at integrating immigrants into the economy? 

The name Negan is sure to send shivers of excitement and fear into fans of The Walking Dead comic books 

As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best TV shows of 2015 

Delegates at Climate Talks Focus on Saving the World's Forests 

‘The Wiz Live!' Scores Strong Ratings 

How the organizer of the Paris attacks slipped through authorities' hands 

The Taliban promised to release an audio recording of their leader to prove he is alive. 

Fury Ends Klitschko's Heavyweight Reign With Shocking Defeat 

Attacks such as the one in Paris upend the previous view held by the U.S. that ISIS was a regional threat 

Breaking News: One suspect in the California massacre has been killed and another has been wounded in a shootout 

Presidential candidates react to San Bernardino shooting on Twitter 

36 hours in Oakland, California 

Need the news fast? Your Evening Briefing is ready. 

The family of an American killed in Benghazi is waiting for the CIA to fulfill a promise it made a year ago 

A top coal executive was found guilty of conspiring to violate mine safety regulations in the deaths of 29 miners 

Iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 

A feast deep in the heart of Texas 

Her testimony was an acknowledgment of how little the Security Council had done to take women's rights seriously. 

Journalists were let into the townhouse rented by the San Bernardino shooting suspects 

How an African King ended up running a small grocery store in Bolivia 

Northern Mali fell under the control of Islamist militants in 2012, but a French-led offensive ousted them in 2013. 

36 Hours in Adelaide, Australia 

What we know so far about the San Bernardino shooting. Follow live updates: 

Rise in HIV among China's youth draws attention for World AIDS Day 

A draft of a climate deal is in. Whether it has teeth will unfold in the next 48-72 hours. 

Some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee. It may lower your risk of death. 

There are 192 different languages spoken in the New York metropolitan area. 

Elon Musk and other investors will support artificial intelligence research that focuses on augmenting humanity 

Prompted by thawing relations, an American cigar lover goes to Cuba to find one of the best 

In the land of milk and honey, biblical wines are reborn 

"To me, coming here is a way of saying goodbye. Goodbye to my friend, who meant a lot me." 

A look at how Beijing residents are documenting the smog in China 

I had never handled a gun before obtaining certification to carry on campus. Not to worry. 

.@NYTmag's Great Performers: We have liftoff! 

Hillary Clinton presents her plan to battle ISIS 

No, Donald Trump won't win 

If it's a lie too vile to utter aloud, count on Trump to say it, often. 

Indonesia Cites Resetting of Circuit Breaker in 2014 AirAsia Crash 

Hollande Plans to Discuss "Large Coalition" With Obama and Putin 

Let's be clear: these shooting sprees are each, in their own ways, acts of terrorism. 

These girls stood before top Boy Scout brass and made an announcement: We want in. 

‘The Walking Dead' cleared up Glenn's fate and the Internet had thots. + Looking ahead to the midseason finale: 

Who might take over Yahoo's core operations? Here are a couple strong candidates. 

How giving with feeling has benefits for the philanthropist, too. Essay by @zakijam: 

French police have set up checkpoints all over France, but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 

Heavy gunfire erupts as French police seek suspects in raid 

The New York attorney general is said to have expanded his inquiry into #DFS websites to companies including Yahoo 

Without the pledges, global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºF by 2100. 

#TheWalkingDead recap: Sunday's episode lit the fuse on next week's first-half finale 

She was a model and a muse. But her place in history was secured by her work on the other side of the lens 

Photos from the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York 

On a rainy morning, a man walked over the Williamsburg Bridge to Brooklyn. Photos of the day 

Using genetic engineering to turn mosquitoes into allies in the fight against malaria 

Volkswagen successfully lobbied to remove 2 key parts of Europe's coming auto emissions tests, internal email shows 

A police officer and 2 civilians were killed in a shootout at a Planned Parenthood clinic. Suspect is in custody 

Fire at Chicago's John Hancock Center Injures 1 

The first snow of the season as seen from Schloss HohenTübingen castle in Germany (via 

Garages that park cars themselves might make your holiday shopping easier — but they've been full of mishaps 

Cate Blanchett still gets star struck 

What Climate Change Looks Like 

A photographer documented the communities living in affordable housing In New York 

He was once imprisoned in Guantánamo. Now he leads the fight against ISIS and the Taliban. 

They smoked shisha and stayed out late. They went to the beach. Then they became ISIS wives. 

California judge orders frozen embryos destroyed after man challenges ex-wife's right to use them 



Turkey Seeks to Ease Tensions Over Shooting Down of Russian Jet 

If the doom-saying turkey pundits had been right, we'd all be eating ham this Thanksgiving 

Queens Muslims to Donald Trump: Come back to the old neighborhood 

Here are some of Donald Trump's favorite ways to deal with a difficult question 

This week, #TheLeftovers delivered a brain-shredding masterpiece. Spoilers ahead. 

After two weeks of negotiation, the final draft of a Paris climate accord has been released 

Wednesday's news fast, in Your Evening Briefing 

What climate change looks like: Dying pine forests 

Venezuela's President Concedes Defeat 

Here's our full story on the FIFA arrests in Zurich, which we'll obviously be updating: 

The Republican establishment has a big New Hampshire problem 

Hacking collectives are trying to fight ISIS, but reactions are mixed 

Siege Highlights Security Used in Abortion Clinics 

A departure point for Syrian migrants off the coast of Turkey. Coming soon: The New York Times Year in Pictures. 

David Cameron Bolsters Call for Lawmakers to Authorize Syrian Airstrikes 

In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor, but for best picture, all bets are off 

Since his father's death, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has appeared to embrace his inner progressive 

100 years ago, Albert Einstein set down the equation that rules the universe. On Instagram: 

Eagles of Death Metal, the band onstage at the Bataclan during the Paris attacks, has spoken out in a new interview 

Indiana gov's ban on Syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home 

They went to a Trump rally for extra credit in history class but became part of the lesson. My view from the crowd. htt… 

Your Monday Mini Crossword 

Hundreds of readers weighed in on "What Wilson Cost My Grandfather." Read their stories: 

Kenyan runners accuse officials of stealing from sponsorship deal 

From Jordan to hummus: Looking back at Ben Carson's tough week 

See the video that inspired #YouAintNoMuslimBruv 

Despite their high profile, the young rich are a minority & the wealthy are getting older 

Did this elite group just play the world's most scenic pickup pond hockey game? (via 

Republicans Discuss Geopolitics at Thanksgiving Table in Iowa 

Indonesia's message of tolerance is seen as a welcome antidote to jihadism. 

Justin Trudeau's sweeping agenda outlined in address. 

The scene of the shooting in San Bernardino 

Bernie Sanders, your cool socialist grandpa 

The NYT obituary for Jonah Lomu, a rugby superstar who died at 40 

What presidential candidates have said about the Black Lives Matter movement 

More than 5,000 rounds were fired in raid near Paris, but officials aren't sure if the man they were after was there 

Hammer fists, elbowing out of chokeholds, fierce kicks. While in Louboutins. 

Getting "ugly" produce onto tables so it stays out of the trash 

United Arab Emirates secretly sends Colombian mercenaries to train and fight Yemen's war. 

The holiday movie season in trailers 

Why yawning can sometimes cause your eyes to tear 

.@realDonaldTrump "would create a million Hispanic Anne Franks, hiding in attics and basements." 

"The Affair" recap: This guy's hopeless 

Steve Carell on playing boneheads, and what we'll learn from his new film, "The Big Short." 

Our journalists really struggled to explain Einstein's theory of general relativity 

Deforestation may threaten a majority of Amazon tree species 

If you could ask for any holiday sports gift, what would it be? You name it, we'll print it: 

The @AOScott review of "The Danish Girl," starring Eddie Redmayne 

He rescued a pregnant woman hanging from a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage 

One of our widely shared stories of 2015: Women and girls have been systematically raped by ISIS fighters 

Police: 2 suspects dead in San Bernardino shooting, including a woman 

Sturdy legs could mean healthy brains, according to a new study 

In defense of the personal crowdfunding campaign 

What drives gun sales? Fear of gun restrictions. 

A woman swimming in a partly frozen lake in Shenyang, China. Photos of the day 

Year in Film: With the Golden Globe nominations out today, here are our critics' picks for the best movies of 2015 

Donald Trump has called for the US to bar all Muslims from entering the country for now 

The top news, so fast. Your Evening Briefing is ready. 

270 kinds of birds, in one gigantic life-sized mural 

Square priced its I.P.O. at $9 a share, signaling a tougher climate for tech start-ups 

Obama repeated his call for a more intense effort by the coalition to counter the Islamic State on the ground 

Laws in 2 states will soon let women get birth control from pharmacists without a doctor's prescription 

Frustrated in Efforts to Close Guantánamo Prison, Officials Look to Reduce Population 

Forget Washington. States and localities should pass gun laws that fit their circumstances. 

After 12,000 years, these frozen lion cubs still had their fur and whiskers 

The U.S. military has suspended several service members over last month's Kunduz hospital strike 

France has a long history in Mali, where Islamic rebels have fought a three-year insurgency 

No matter how you feel about GMOs, consumers deserve to know what they are eating. 

These are the gifts that are sure to be on everyone's wish list this year 

Beijing has closed schools and limited traffic as it operates under a red alert for smog 

As our screens have shrunk, online advertisements have grown ever more annoying 

Why Ta-Nehisi Coates doesn't want to be viewed as a public intellectual 

Portraits of African-American professors were defaced at Harvard Law School 

Another police video emerges in Chicago. This time, Mayor Rahm Emanuel issues critique. Via @MitchKSmith 

Corporations are people. Does that mean they can be your friends? I look into "brand anthropomorphization." 

This new NYC building "makes the case for why architecture matters" 

Defense Prepares to Take Stand in Freddie Gray Case 

Spain's prized Ibérico hams can't cure fast enough for China 

Mass surveillance isn't the answer to fighting terrorism 

After guards beat a man at Attica Correctional Facility, a stranger stepped in with help 

Marine Le Pen and the National Front Get a Boost in French Regional Elections 

Diesel, a police dog killed during a raid outside Paris, has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 

Look over Lee Child's shoulder as he writes the beginning of the latest Jack Reacher novel 

The college football coaching carousel continues to turn. Who will be next? 

New York Today: New York Today: A Century of ‘The Voice' 

Why Thanksgiving is today 

How to build a Thanksgiving feast to please everyone 

So many holiday movies, so little time. A look at the trailers: 

"Oh my God. Allison." Here's this week's "Homeland" recap; spoilers ahead. 

This map, shared by Ben Carson's campaign, looks a bit unusual: 

Kobani, Syria, is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 

Thousands of migrants are stranded in Greece as countries north become more selective. 

Well water or loophole? Owners of green lawns dig a drought work around. 

The Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan has a new name — a change that has upset the Roosevelts. 

DNA could store all of the world's digital information in roughly nine liters of solution 

Why "America's Next Top Model" may have been the most successful fashion TV show ever made 

Yahoo's Board Is Said to Weigh Selling Off Core Business 

Pope Francis celebrated mass in Kenya 

Behind the scenes of the making of #TheWiz 

In a Global Market for Hacking Talent, Argentines Stand Out 

Mark Zuckerberg plans 2-month paternity leave from Facebook 

College Football Playoff: Final Four Seems Set 

Street style favorites of 2015, from 

World War III 

American police leaders find lessons on avoiding deadly force -- in Scotland 

One of the last northern white rhinos has died in San Diego 

New Video: Block by Block, Jackson Heights. (167 languages spoken): 

In what city is Thanksgiving turkey most popular? Take @UpshotNYT's quiz. 

Presidential candidates react to the San Bernardino shooting on Twitter 

Shipping is something of an invisible industry to the public. And out of sight can be out of mind for emissions 

President-elect of Argentina links his kidnapping 24 years ago to an awakening that led him to politics 

61-year-old punk rocker Handsome Dick Manitoba has been sober 33 years & a bar owner for 16. 

This quiet data cruncher is emerging as an unlikely rock star of Argentina's election season 

Holiday travelers should expect tougher security measures, including longer security lines 

The assignment: Design a holiday display to rival the tree at Rockefeller Center The result: 

Olene Walker, Utah's First Female Governor, Dies at 85 

Lily Tomlin lifts off, E.T. style, in this year's Great Performers 

The airport tower as art. Photos: 

What climate change looks like: Bleaching coral 

A penis transplant has never been tried in America. A soldier will soon have the operation. 

We fact-checked Donald Trump's claim that he has no campaign donors 

Christmas preparations at the White House — and more from the week in political photos 

Genetically engineered salmon approved for consumption 

What Bill O'Reilly gets wrong about Ronald Reagan 

First Campaigns: Ted Cruz's Senate Bid That Didn't Stop at the Senate 

A journalist travels to Rojava, a place with the dream of utopia in ISIS' backyard. 

Essays by expats, travelers & writers, taking the long view of Paris post-terror attack: 

Want your kids to hold doors for the elderly? Maybe you should send them to chivalry school. 

What to make this weekend 

Officials couldn't confirm reports in the French media that 2 fugitives had died in a raid in St.-Denis 

.@nickconfessore's taking questions on his "Buying Power" series at 12 on Facebook 

Thanksgiving TV: Plan Your Other Binge 

Adele's "25" has one transcendent, face-melting song, a bunch of good ones, and one by Tobias Jesso Jr. 

We updated our college football playoff scenarios, after losses by Ohio St. and Okla St. Notre Dame is in, as of now 

The latest on Paris and more: Your Evening Briefing 

Why "cool" is still cool 

If Britain wins the Davis Cup, it may have an unassuming Canadian to thank 

A photographer's work on Islam in Bangladesh took on added meaning after it opened in Paris 

Investigators shift focus to townhouse in Redlands, Calif., where suspects gathered after shooting 

What to Expect From the Latest Jobs Report 

Tales of a warmer planet 

Swiss police escorted FIFA officials out of a hotel in a new wave of arrests 

When cupid is a prying journalist 

San Bernardino police: One suspect dead, one caught, one still on the loose 

