Tashfeen Malik, the woman who helped carry out the San Bernardino shooting, had pledged allegiance to ISIS 

When will these massacres and the families they destroy matter enough to politicians to enact sensible gun laws? 

How to pull off a perfect Thanksgiving feast 

National Book Award's Non-fiction prize: "Between the World and Me" by Ta-Nehisi Coates. My review: 

Finding the right "Nutcracker" 

Pursuing gender equality as a competitive advantage 

5-star recipe: Tomato bisque with fresh goat cheese 

A president's voice is typically dignified. If elected, Donald Trump could change that. 

Justice Antonin Scalia steps into "mismatch" debate with his remarks in affirmative action case 

One of our most-popular pieces of 2015: The best and worst places to grow up in America 

What makes the way Donald Trump talks so distinctive -- and so prone to insults and aggrandizing? 

Ted Cruz tops Donald Trump in a new Iowa poll 

Are good doctors bad for your health? 

Top Republicans are worried that Trump could lead to an electoral wipeout. But they're afraid to take him on. 

In stunning short films, top actors pay homage to the ultimate Hollywood magic trick 

On Whiteness: Reckoning with what is owed — and what can't be repaid — for racial privilege. 

In Paris, museums and theaters are coming back to life. But security concerns haven't made that easy. 

A bookshop where everything is recommended 

The Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 

Duane Clarridge? The advisor @RealBenCarson disavowed last night? He helped with a Carson WaPo Op-Ed today on ISIS 

Our 10 most popular Thanksgiving pie recipes. Mmm ... pie. 

Today's news fast, in Your Tuesday Evening Briefing 

Flight may be Hollywood's most enduring and iconic form of movie magic 

NYT developing story from inside the Zurich hotel where police are yet again arresting top FIFA officials. 

In Scotland, unlike America, a mass shooting led to stricter gun laws 

Try our N.F.L. playoff simulator to see where your favorite team stands. 

Bryce Harper of the Nationals and Josh Donaldson of the Blue Jays win baseball's MVP awards 

NFL Week 13 had huge playoff implications. Seahawks and Jets fans should be pleased. 

A portfolio of tiny houses, to collect like contemporary art 

They helped erase Ebola in Liberia. Now Liberia is erasing them. 

NATO plans to expand its membership. Russia isn't pleased. 

The U.S. unemployment rate held steady at 5% in November, unchanged from October 

A nurse in Liberia checked a patient's temperature in February. Coming soon: The Year in Pictures 

Here are the best Champions League games to watch this week: 

For children, dumbed-down phones may be smartest option 

Birth control pills should be easier to get. Two states are recognizing this. 

Will "personalized nutrition" transform healthy eating? 

NYT theater critics share their picks for the best shows of the year 

Fans of Starwood's loyalty program aren't feeling good about the Marriott merger. 

Savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 

It's okay if your holiday table isn't camera-ready or perfectly Instagrammable 

Who's winning the presidential horse race? Depends how you measure. 

Strategy on strikes in Syria leads to more questions than results 

Video: Relatives described attempts to reach loved ones during San Bernardino shooting 

A feminist T-shirt resurfaces from the '70s and become a sensation on Instagram 

Join me at NOON for a Q-and-A on "Buying Power," our series on how wealthy families are changing American politics. htt… 

Paul Krugman: GOP establishment helped pave the way for the Trump phenomenon 

Foo Fighters have released a free EP and turned it into a tribute to victims of the Paris attacks 

Making the case for mandatory retirement savings plans 

This #GivingTuesday, help a girl go to school, a rat detect land mines and refugees stay warm. @NickKristof's guide: 

In the G.O.P. primary, a strenuous itinerary does not necessarily mean strong poll numbers 

No governor has had a year like his. Are there bipartisan lessons in it? My interview and column. 

The painted bunting is the hottest thing in Brooklyn right now 

After spending 4 years in Guantánamo, Hajji Ghalib wanted to go home and live peacefully. Nobody let him do that. 

In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor. But for best picture, all bets are off 

If you love to bake for the holidays, consider going in a salty direction 

She runs a secret network of safe houses in Iraq. The women who come to it have been to the edge of hell and back. 

Warren Buffett's grandson wants his social-minded investments to improve the world 

Banksy's latest works make a point about immigration 

Concussions ended his playing career, but not his love of football 

Hasna Aitboulahcen once liked to stay out late partying. She died battling French police. 

VIDEO: Hotel staff and officers lead one arrested soccer official over bridge at Baur au Lac to parking garage. 

Bill Cosby gave away the bride. And the best man was O.J. Simpson. 

Last night's 'Hail Mary' win by the Packers was another blow for longtime Lions fans 

Inside the Gould Memorial Library, a dazzling building in need of a facelift. Photos 

A new wave of beauty comes to Harlem 

A standout UNC athlete, he slipped into a life of mental illness and homelessness. He died with $13 in his pocket. 

Venezuela faces big challenges for a delicate winning alliance 

After 30 years, Jonathan Pollard, the American convicted of spying for Israel, will be freed 

At climate talks, nations will not set a cap on total greenhouse gases, as recommended by scientists 

A new computer program outperformed humans in identifying handwritten characters based on a single example 

This Thanksgiving, there's plenty to be grateful for in sports 

Coal is in trouble, and that might be good news for a warming world 

Here's pope's ``limo'' - a humble little Honda, nearly swallowed by armada of black Mercedes en route to State House 

Conference championships will be decided today. Here are the best games to watch. 

For Syrian refugees, a new path to freedom through the Arctic Circle involves bicycles 

History, luxury, terror: why fashion in France matters even in the face of tragedy - 

Skrillex, Diplo and Justin Bieber won an AMA for "Where Are Ü Now." How it came together: 

‘The Walking Dead' cleared up Glenn's fate and the Internet had thots. + Looking ahead to the midseason finale: 

How giving with feeling has benefits for the philanthropist, too. Essay by @zakijam: 

The creator of "Hamilton," @Lin_Manuel Miranda, helped write music for the new "Star Wars" cantina scene 

Want more football? Here are the best college football games to watch on Friday. 

This is the perfect finish to a Thanksgiving feast (via 

Laquan McDonald video is just one of many putting race and policing into sharp relief 

When ISIS took control of Raqqa, some women bartered their lives, through work and marriage, to the Islamic state. 

"I love the B-52. But the fact that this is still flying is really insane." 

Afghanistan's spy chief, a favorite of American officials, resigns 

Ben Carson, mispronouncing "Hamas," fails to impress a Republican Jewish group 

If there's a drone for you under the tree, it looks like you'll have to register it. 

Scott Weiland, who died in his sleep Thursday night, was a rock singer precisely of his time 

The Paris attacks have awakened a patriotic fervor in France not seen in decades 

How 3 modern, young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 

Matthieu Mauduit, whose brother died at the Bataclan, has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 

They left Syria for a "beautiful life" in Michigan. But after the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 

US autosafety regulators are overhauling rating system for cars, which has served as a government seal of approval 

French Amb. Gerard Araud is very French but not very diplomatic. His role post-Paris attacks 

Just 63 percent of high school students passed a New York State algebra exam, so officials might make it easier 

Scott Weiland was a rock singer precisely of his time 

The top books of 2015 

Democrat wins Mississippi House race after drawing straw 

Very cool simulator that can assess your team's N.F.L. playoff chances. Give it whirl. 

The NYT obituary for Cynthia Robinson, Sly and the Family Stone trumpet player 

Bill Gates takes on climate change with nudges and a powerful rolodex. 

The perfect savory cocktail bite 

Michel Houellebecq: The French are rather easy to govern. But they are not complete idiots. 

The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart. It's the work of a 15-year-old in Ohio. 

Don't know what to get the music and movie lover on your list for the holidays? We can help. 

Police asked Belgians not to tweet about police operations. Twitter responded with cute cat pictures. 

Marine Le Pen's anti-Islam message is gaining influence in France 

Conor McGregor is ready for his shot at José Aldo and the UFC title 

The climate talks in Paris could lead to a sweeping effort to save the world's forests 

Looking for charming day trips in Southwest Germany? The @frugaltraveler has some advice: 

Hanging out with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler is just as delightful as you'd imagine 

The British don't celebrate Thanksgiving, of course, but they have embraced Black Friday 

A plush Zurich hotel is becoming as well known for FIFA raids as it is for its hospitality 

Along Sunset Boulevard, there are stars on the menus as well. 

"Fiddler on the Roof" is coming back to Broadway, and its lyricist is going strong at 91 

The victims of the Paris attacks included an architect, a student, and music fans. Here are some of their stories. 

Mixing whimsy and prudence at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 

A timpano that's easier to make and just as spectacular 

A most fascinating story of massive student debt -- and the role the federal government plays in letting it pile up. 

Adele, a 27-year-old mom who pretty much ignores social media, is selling more albums than anyone thought possible. ht… 

Sleeping in feels so good, but may be unhealthy 

Stocks and ratchets: So hot in Paris @COP21 right now. 

So to be clear: None of the 5 Paris attackers identified so far is Syrian. 

It doesn't get more festive than this cranberry curd tart 

Breast-feeding may be good for mothers, not just babies 

The famous gams of the Rockettes once again are kicking off the holiday season 

As we search for our first David Carr Fellow, we've been reminded how much David continues to inspire journalists 

With Warriors' perfect start, the question is, which coach gets the credit? 

In March, @barackobama and @repjohnlewis led a commemorative march in Selma. Coming soon: The Year in Pictures. 

A lot to be thankful for: One pardoned turkey is now "Totus" (turkey of the United States) 

Joyce Carol Oates on Twitter: Is nothing "joyous" in ISIS? 

They left Syria for a "beautiful life" near Detroit. After the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 

1894 discussion of how Thanksgiving was celebrated a half century prior. 

Our interactive Thanksgiving menu planner makes planning fun. For real. 

A call for more "resilience" has become a cleverly coded way to shame those speaking out against injustices. 

Amid rapid gentrification, some longtime residents of Crown Heights are leaving the country. 

From a Nairobi slum, Pope Francis delivered his sharpest remarks yet on his first trip to Africa 

An art world mystery worthy of Leonardo da Vinci 

Miley Cyrus employs "excess like a blunt utensil, bludgeoning the senses again and again" 

To defeat ISIS, Muslim states must stop enabling mosques, imams & groups that fuel extremism 

Carly Fiorina's nomadic childhood helped build her worldview 

The @FrugalTraveler hunts for the best NYC hotel deals 

The sobering cost of New York City's building boom: Construction deaths have surged. 

Teenagers aren't getting enough exercise at school — or anywhere 

Obamacare is an imperfect system, but it's workable — and it's working, writes @NYTimeskrugman 

Is the period of rapid growth in greenhouse emissions finally over? 

Melvin Williams, an inspiration for "The Wire," died on Thursday in Baltimore. He was 73. 

Did Donald Trump predict the Sept. 11 attacks like he claimed? @nytpolitics fact-checks him. 

Walmart Pay presents a fresh challenge to front-runners in mobile payments business 

Oil-rich UAE pledges to increase use of clean energy, as OPEC plans to keep pumping oil 

A Canadian Christmas tree vendor has become a fixture on the Upper West Side, where he provides "holiday happiness" 

Pope Francis celebrated mass in Kenya 

This quiet data cruncher is emerging as an unlikely rock star of Argentina's election season 

The season's most intriguing, gift-worthy DVD releases 

What climate change looks like: Mountains with little snow 

Facebook is testing new tools to make breaking up easier to do 

Here's how NBA players get free stuff at movie theater concession stands: 

Why Coney Island has provided "an interesting kind of crazy" for 150 years 

Much of the world agrees that ISIS needs to be crushed. But how that can be accomplished is a lot more complicated. 

Why "good guys" with guns won't keep us safe 

Coal is in trouble, and that could be good news for a warming world 

A new project aims to identify and recreate ancient wines drunk by the likes of King David and Jesus Christ 

Breaking News: A prominent coal executive has been convicted of conspiracy in a deadly West Virginia mine blast 

How 3 modern young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 

A few rich families set out to remake Illinois. How far did they get? 

They all won "America's Next Top Model." Where are they now? 

Few players in the NBA have a more graceful plié than @StephenCurry33 

A great contract to have your kids sign before handing them their first phone: 

Here's Ben Brantley's review of "China Doll." Get ready for it. 

Ted Cruz, the Children's Museum of Houston and his triumph in Texas of ideology over personality 

Could @Adele's love of old-school, silver-screen glamour actually bring back clothes? 

How to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic gag 

To everyone who re-Tweeted me last night, a sincere "Thanks." Here's the story I wrote fleshing out the main points: 

Boos overtake laughs as Donald Trump stumbles on Jerusalem before key Jewish donors 

In upset, John Bel Edwards defeats David Vitter in Louisiana governor's race 

Becoming modern: The Met's mission at the Breuer Building 

How the Paris climate talks will strive for success that eluded the Copenhagen talks 

A dumb phone could be the best option for your child's first phone 

Banks have mounted a quiet campaign to muscle Fannie and Freddie out of the mortgage market 

It's the kind of school that Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan may support with their charitable spending 

Marine Le Pen's anti-Islam message gains influence in France 

How @JustinBieber and @ArianaGrande used an award show to speed a comeback 

Special Report: A handful of rich families set out to remake Illinois politics. Here's what happened. 

14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 

The 10 best books of 2015 

A group wants to honor the 146 workers who died in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire: 

Adele on singles vs. albums, ego, motherhood, her changing voice and dealing with fame 

After the Paris attacks, regulating the flow of refugees in Europe has gained urgency 

The good news about the Jets: How well they tend to play after halftime. The bad: They have to play the first half. 

Your body slows down as you age, your mind seems to do this same. Exercise can keep them both nimble. 

Obama has ordered an inquiry into accusations that intelligence reports on ISIS were altered 

Are charter schools effective? It's complicated. 

A common office party. If you were not safe there, where were you safe? That was everywhere. That was everybody. 

The best albums of 2015 

Green Monday Sale: Enjoy 25% off and free shipping. Shop The NYT Store gift guide now. 

What climate change looks like: Shells dissolving in acidifying oceans 

A handful of rich families set out to remake Illinois politics. Here's what happened. 

A cigar lover goes to Cuba to find one of the best 

Ta-Nehisi Coates wins National Book Award for nonfiction for "Between the World and Me" 

For the U.S., Russia and France, an alliance against ISIS may be easier said than done 

What does losing 150 lbs by tracking everything you eat look like? 

The top news fast. Your Evening Briefing is ready. 

Americans who don't buy health insurance face a heftier fine in 2016, an analysis has found 

France has been wounded. The solution is not to become more like its enemies. 

After Myanmar election, few signs of a better life for Muslims. 

Two weeks after the Paris attacks, France is gearing up for a monumental security challenge 

For addicts, fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 

Miranda July on the missing support for working mothers 

A man once imprisoned in Guantánamo is leading a fight against ISIS and the Taliban 

Stephen Curry​: A point guard with Baryshnikov's grace 

More good news about coffee 

In one of many efforts to restore its reputation, FIFA donated $1.2 million worth of watches to charity 

Foo Fighters release free five-song 'Saint Cecilia' EP with a long message from Dave Grohl 

The best gift ideas, curated by New York Times editors, to make shopping easy this season 🎁 

Pursue a lost love? Readers debate the wisdom of trying to find the one who got away. 

A sweet potato casserole that's crunchy, soft and sweet — all in one glorious bite 

The top levels of Venezuela's government have increasingly been split among rival factions 

The writer and producer Dana Calvo on why liking Lara Croft doesn't make you a feminist. 

Coming Thursday: The year's best actors — as chosen by @aoscott — take flight in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 

A Chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around Beijing's landmarks 

How to find better deals than Black Friday's 

Say so long to data charges. With Google's offline maps, getting around gets cheaper. 

The best TV shows of 2015 

Good end-of-2015 reading: Which TV show, concert or book is worth experiencing for the first time, all over again? 

8 short word games, from easy to hard, that can be played with your whole family 

World leaders at the Paris climate talks have left the building. Now the real work begins 

A leg of the finest ham from Cinco Jotas costs about $670 in Spain. China can't get enough 

Coldplay's new album, "A Head Full of Dreams," is blissful and bittersweet 

Miley Cyrus has "gained the stylistic equivalent of the freshman 15" 

World leaders at the Paris climate talks have left the building. Now the real work begins. 

Marriages may not be forever, but our obsession with diamonds is 

Breaking News: 35% of Republicans support Trump in Times/CBS News poll; two-thirds of Americans express concern 

The hairdresser Maury Hopson is everybody's best friend. 

Did Harry Styles actually look like your grandparents' couch at the #AMAs? You decide. 

A great cocktail hour appetizer: Fig tart with caramelized onions, rosemary and Stilton 

A former Guantánamo detainee is leading the fight against ISIS and the Taliban 

Very wealthy people who maintained or increased their fortunes this last year had these essential traits in common: ht… 

30 young men helped Liberia eradicate Ebola by burning bodies. Now, they are shunned by society 

If the Cowboys win tonight, details on how they can make the playoffs (nonfiction): 

High-impact contact sports, like football, can cause brain damage. They are not for kids. 

Justice Scalia: black students should go "to a less-advanced school ... where they do well." 

Who's being fined for water use in dry California? Stingy users, not the rich water hogs. 

So many ways to celebrate cookies 

The gentrification of cities is a happy story for the top 10 percent, writes Paul Krugman: 

He wanted to find a space big enough to watch "Star Wars" with his son, as his own father shared it with him in 1977 

One of our most popular Op-Eds of 2015: Medicating women's feelings 

Marco Rubio bets the Grand Old Party is ready for his younger face 

Food gift ideas — practical, beautiful and edible — from the editors of @nytfood 

Treasure hunters are fighting Homeland Security and Panama for rights to a silver treasure 

Google's Eric Schmidt on how to build a better web 

In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor, but for best picture, all bets are off. 

Television's favorite role? Mom 

Americans are more supportive of working moms, but 1/2 still say women shouldn't work if their husbands earn enough: 

Stop trying to snap that perfect 45-degree angle selfie. Join the 'finstagram' rebellion. 

To make "Master of None" feel authentic, @AzizAnsari & Alan Yang filmed where they hang out 

Before her rise, Carly Fiorina was Carleton Sneed, daughter of a well-known legal figure. 

A high-stakes election in Mississippi ended in a tie. So now, the winner will be decided by drawing straws 

Robert Dear described those who attacked abortion providers as "doing God's work" 

For many of these Bob Ross superfans, the joy of painting lives on 

A Dallas lawyer was blocked from boarding a flight at La Guardia because the crew didn't "feel comfortable" with him 

Meet the NYT's top commenters. This is an amazing group of humans: 

Husband remembers his wife, "merry, with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids" 

A few rich families set out to remake Illinois. How far did they get? by @nickconfessore 

Read the remarkable findings of @patrickhealynyt and @maggieNYT's analysis of Donald Trump's 95,000 recent words 

Bill Cosby gave away the bride. And his best man was O.J. Simpson. 

The Ethicist: Should my rich friends apply for financial aid? 

Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 

"Dumbo" wrote the last word on cinematic flight back in 1941, but the magic of the experience endures 

Your Friday Evening Briefing is ready. 

What it's like to be deported from the U.S. 

"Homeland" recap: Carrie has a new friend, which is a nice surprise. (Spoilers ahead.) 

Why ballet dancers love the basketball player Stephen Curry 

Why America's Next Top Model may have been the most successful fashion TV show ever made. 

How to improve eggs before they are hatched 

Hillary Clinton is looking past Bernie Sanders as part of her strategy to defeat him 

1964: "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" airs. NYT called it a "charming and tuneful fantasy."

In Reykjavik, the culture of storytelling seems to be the source of Iceland's greatest national pride. 

Genital injuries are a silent war wound for hundreds of men. That's why doctors will soon attempt a penis transplant 

Britain's prime minister is getting an official plane. Not everyone is impressed. 

A selection of creative gifts for kids up to age 12 

Which "Nutcracker" is right for you? 

The NYT obituary for John Trudell, outspoken advocate for American Indians 

The best of Week 12 in the NFL 

Leaders in France and Belgium are seeking tougher security measures 

The shooting of an unarmed black man by a Minneapolis officer led to a tense standoff between police and protesters 

These Thanksgiving appetizers are ready in no time 

For this guest at Art Basel Miami, it's easy being green (via 

Undocumented immigrant laborers are paying the price for New York City's building boom. 

An important Islamic voice you may not have heard: Fatema Mernissi, a Founder of Islamic Feminism, Dies at 75 

The name Negan is sure to send shivers of excitement and fear into fans of The Walking Dead comic books 

As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best TV shows of 2015 

Look-at-me-don't-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 

If the doom-saying turkey pundits had been right, we'd all be eating ham this Thanksgiving 

Marco Rubio: the Affordable Care Act's quiet saboteur 

Because every student is looking for ways to get homework done faster 

What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 

The Taliban promised to release an audio recording of their leader to prove he is alive. 

How did a 38-year-old nearsighted, soccer-loving cleric, not even a fighter, lead ISIS? 

Indonesia's message of tolerance is seen as a welcome antidote to jihadism. 

Fried pickles, Princess Bride at church, broken promises of taco pizza. Ted Cruz's weekend in Iowa. 

It was among the most memorable moments in the history of Thanksgiving football broadcasts 

Need the news fast? Your Evening Briefing is ready. 

Does a mother's love obscure her objectivity? 

Here are the best TV shows of 2015 

Who knew about Abaaoud's travels? EU countries have opened their borders to one another but not their intelligence. 

Climate change has become a hallmark for Obama's second term, and potentially a signature achievement. 

As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 

Struggling with how to talk to kids about terrorism? Start by being honest. 

One change could improve global soccer on multiple fronts: more women, writes @MoyaDodd 

There's a smarter way to shop this holiday season than relying on Black Friday 

She's sometimes played the errant spouse. In her new film she's reformed 

The cascade of errors that led to US airstrike on MSF hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. 

Holiday travelers should expect tougher security measures, including longer security lines 

A fascinating riddle from 1958: What's happening to the world's ice? 

How a former Fugee helped elect the president of Haiti 

With expanded police powers in France, some question if the loss of liberties is appropriate 

Some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee. It may lower your risk of death. 

Elon Musk and other investors will support artificial intelligence research that focuses on augmenting humanity 

Prompted by thawing relations, an American cigar lover goes to Cuba to find one of the best 

Never before in modern Illinois politics have so few donors provided so much of the money for campaigns 

When politicians shun refugees today, they are shunning people like my dad. My column: 

Remember the $750 pill? The nation's top prescription drug manager will offer a $1 alternative. 

The only American known to have died in the Paris attacks had a "zest for life." 

His last year looming, @BarackObama's approval rating is stuck in the middle 

Obama repeats call to make guns less accessible after Planned Parenthood shooting 

No, Donald Trump won't win 

My review of "This Old Man," charming collection of essays & portraits by New Yorker magazine veteran Roger Angell: ht… 

How people would donate $45 billion if they, like Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, had it 

A mass shooting at a primary school in Scotland led to stricter gun laws the following year 

With Ronda Rousey's stunning loss, here are 10 fighters who could become UFC's biggest star 

Let's be clear: these shooting sprees are each, in their own ways, acts of terrorism. 

These girls stood before top Boy Scout brass and made an announcement: We want in. 

Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift and the Weeknd are the top contenders for the Grammy Awards 

As Sheldon Silver trial began, a "humble" assemblyman didn't appear guilty to several jurors 

Chris Christie is riding high after a coveted newspaper endorsement in New Hampshire. At home, though... 

As a surgeon, Ben Carson was busy, largely successful and came easily to fame. 

What's the best book, new or old, you read this year? Our columnists weigh in. 

.@SamBorden on how FIFA is managing to fumble its recovery. 

Brown butter skillet cornbread. So easy, so good 

She was a model and a muse. But her place in history was secured by her work on the other side of the lens 

U.S. sees elite military unit as key to push against ISIS 

After months of false starts, the campaign to retake Ramadi from ISIS has finally yielded some success 

Start Thanksgiving off right with this pumpkin bread recipe 

Volkswagen successfully lobbied to remove 2 key parts of Europe's coming auto emissions tests, internal email shows 

What do college students have in common with Katharine Hepburn? A love for Mondel Chocolates 

SantaCon is fighting for its right to party (responsibly) 

How to shop smart (and avoid dud deals) this holiday season 

Garages that park cars themselves might make your holiday shopping easier — but they've been full of mishaps 

A photographer documented the communities living in affordable housing In New York 

He was once imprisoned in Guantánamo. Now he leads the fight against ISIS and the Taliban. 

Your Evening Briefing brings you the top news fast. 

California judge orders frozen embryos destroyed after man challenges ex-wife's right to use them 

Why was the rapper 50 Cent worth $240 million in May 2014 and about $50 million last month? 

It's been an eventful year in New York City real estate. Test your memory with this quiz. 

Here are some of Donald Trump's favorite ways to deal with a difficult question 

This week, #TheLeftovers delivered a brain-shredding masterpiece. Spoilers ahead. 

Wednesday's news fast, in Your Evening Briefing 

What climate change looks like: Dying pine forests 

Apple names Periscope the top iPhone app of 2015 

ISIS was born out of America's Camp Bucca prison in Iraq, the perfect place to build an army 

‘Just Get Us in The Room': some of our favorite quotations from the women of Hollywood 

Punishments were swift after he shared a meme juxtaposing Gollum with Recep Tayyip Erdogan 

To save African penguins, zoos and aquariums are managing their love lives 

In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor, but for best picture, all bets are off 

"I was surprised to find ... moments of relief, even joy." Photographing the refugee crisis 

After being called out for copying, Chanel does the right thing. 

Since his father's death, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has appeared to embrace his inner progressive 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" — U2's Bono, on ISIS 

President Obama is right to caution against the risk of further alienating Muslims: 

The enduring appeal of roasted chicken provençal 

Yale lecturer, whose email on Halloween costumes helped touch off racial protests, resigns 

On the 2015 list of Twitter's top tweets: Terror attacks, same-sex marriage, a boy's clock, One Direction's breakup 

France's Marine Le Pen, the leader of the far right, gets a boost in regional elections 

He was bashed after raising the price of a drug from $13.50 to $750 a pill overnight. But he's still smiling. 

From Jordan to hummus: Looking back at Ben Carson's tough week 

Despite their high profile, the young rich are a minority & the wealthy are getting older 

Why "cool" is still a popular word, but "spiffy" and "swell" aren't. 

Did this elite group just play the world's most scenic pickup pond hockey game? (via 

Nearly 100 paintings trace the path of the visionary artist Martin Wong 

The police in France are now freed to pick up and interrogate suspects virtually at will 

New York City Transit's new president will focus on booming subway ridership and delays: 

Justin Trudeau's sweeping agenda outlined in address. 

Issa Rae on the many capable women she meets in Hollywood who are not given a chance. 

Bernie Sanders, your cool socialist grandpa 

Hanging out with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler is just as delightful as you'd imagine. My story: 

The news you need, fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 

Mariuccia Mandelli, godmother of classic Milanese fashion & inventor of hot pants, has died 

Stopping ISIS in America isn't like thwarting a typical plot. It's much harder, like thwarting a school shooting. 

How to party like a Texan: barbecues, dips, drinks, pies. 

Justice Antonin Scalia seemed hostile to an affirmative action plan at University of Texas 

It was a game that meant nothing. Except that on this night, nothing felt like everything. 

From Kitty Hawk in 1903 to "Birdman" in 2014, flight captured on film is pure magic 

One of our favorite stories of 2015: The Ride of Their Lives 

Police officer killed in shootout at a Planned Parenthood center is remembered as a loving father and courageous man 

Josh Donaldson and Bryce Harper are your 2015 most valuable players. 

Sturdy legs could mean healthy brains, according to a new study 

Garrett Swasey, police officer killed in Colorado, is described as an "absolute man of courage" 

A power outage forces Crimeans to reconsider their enthusiasm for secession. 

Year in Film: With the Golden Globe nominations out today, here are our critics' picks for the best movies of 2015 

The top news, so fast. Your Evening Briefing is ready. 

Days with mass shootings, like the one in San Bernardino, happen more often than not. 

Breaking News: The woman who helped carry out the San Bernardino shooting had pledged allegiance to ISIS on Facebook 

Square priced its I.P.O. at $9 a share, signaling a tougher climate for tech start-ups 

One of our favorite stories of 2015: She saw his ad for a roommate, moved in and never left 

The @FrugalTraveler hunts for the best NYC hotel deals: 

Coca-Cola's top scientist, who orchestrated obesity research, is leaving 

The 911 system isn't ready for the iPhone era 

The family of an American killed in Benghazi is waiting for the CIA to fulfill a promise it made a year ago 

"Carol" leads the Golden Globes with five nominations 

See what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 

The Paris talks won't be enough. This is what an ambitious climate plan would look like. 

As big retailers ready for Black Friday, some small businesses are going the other extreme 

A chocolate coconut cake that only improves overnight 

The top news, fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 

He was a Purdue football coach who advocated for college athletes' rights. That may have cost him his job. 

Spain's prized Ibérico hams can't cure fast enough for China 

Get the top news fast, in Your Evening Briefing 

It was a game that meant nothing. Except that on this night nothing felt like everything. 

Democrat John Bel Edwards easily wins the Louisiana governor's race 

Why "good guys" with guns won't keep us safe: 

Here are the best college football games to watch Saturday. Plan accordingly. 

A top coal executive was found guilty of conspiring to violate mine safety regulations in the deaths of 29 miners 

The absurd, gorgeous atomic-age creations from Betty Crocker 

Ryan Seacrest's ascent through the social ranks of L.A. has been as patiently plotted as his professional one 

From one winner of the "bad sex" award to another. 

Watchdog groups expressed optimism that the Sheldon Silver verdict could spur a more aggressive round of action 

Chris Christie's formula for reviving his campaign: 1 part fear, 1 part selective memory and 1 part intolerance. 

Thousands of migrants are stranded in Greece as countries north become more selective. 

Well water or loophole? Owners of green lawns dig a drought work around. 

Get the news fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 

Gift ideas for everyone, from your niece to the man who likes the finer things in life 

Dimitri Mellos's guide to Greece take viewers beyond pretty postcard images 

In Miami, the brainy side of the beach 

A man once imprisoned in Guantánamo Bay is leading the fight against ISIS and the Taliban 

Why "America's Next Top Model" may have been the most successful fashion TV show ever made 

Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 

Andrew Lloyd Webber is ready to rock 

It's good to just be OK in the NFL this season. Only 7 of the 32 teams are 7-4 or better. 

For sheer exhilaration, it's hard to beat a run down Highland Bowl in Aspen. 

A Hanukkah treat with a sweet reminder of Sicily 

In what city is Thanksgiving turkey most popular? Take @UpshotNYT's quiz. 

What would you like to know about Paris after attacks? @kimmelman goes inside the city 

President-elect of Argentina links his kidnapping 24 years ago to an awakening that led him to politics 

One of our favorite pieces of 2015: A virtual tour that lets you peek inside the Whitney 

Why is the U.S. more successful than Europe at integrating immigrants into the economy? 

How to give better directions. (Hint: start with a landmark) 

Fried chicken, Nashville style: American food at its crispest and most fiery 

Sinatra used the microphone to convey an astounding intimacy, infused with a tender eroticism 

Big companies like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola are putting their money where their trash is 

What climate change looks like: Bleaching coral 

Who might take over Yahoo's core operations? Here are a couple strong candidates. 

How Chinese cash is making some U.S. housing less affordable 

On France, England and soccer's most beautiful term: friendly. 

Local Muslims who saw Gov. Chris Christie as an unexpected champion are now feeling betrayed 

In Venezuela's elections, loyalty for the government is slipping. @willieneuman 

Chinese families are looking for a safe place to invest. And American real estate is a very popular option. 

Want your kids to hold doors for the elderly? Maybe you should send them to chivalry school. 

What would a truly ambitious plan to tackle climate change look like? 

Adele's "25" has one transcendent, face-melting song, a bunch of good ones, and one by Tobias Jesso Jr. 

One of our most popular pieces of 2015: A quick puzzle to test your problem solving 

Israel holds five Palestinian citizens suspected of supporting the Islamic State. 

Trump uses "we" to cleave the crowds to him - they are winners because they like him 

Why "cool" is still cool 

"South Park" has revitalized itself with an ambitious story about modern disillusionment 

If Britain wins the Davis Cup, it may have an unassuming Canadian to thank 

Chief Justice John Roberts made two promises: He won't run for president, and he won't grow a beard 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" —Bono, on ISIS 

Is this a long-lost Leonardo masterpiece, or the work of a notorious forger? 

Getting rid of email trackers that detect when and where you read your mail isn't easy 

Tales of a warmer planet 

A photographer's work on Islam in Bangladesh took on added meaning after it opened in Paris 

A sit-in at Amherst College was met with some criticism that students were trying to stifle free speech 

The NYT obituary for Norman C. Pickering, the 99-year-old who refined the record player 

Planning to shop Cyber Monday sales? The NYT gift guide is a good place to start. 

What would a serious plan on climate change really look like? 

