"This text will, if you should so decide, be the first universal agreement in the history of climate negotiations": @fholla… 

"You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream and I'll always love you for it." —@kobebryant 

Says Ta-Nehisi Coates: "I don't want to be anybody's expert" 

Obama: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world" 

"I'm sorry if I ruined your day" ~ a Best Buy manager to people waiting in the rain for TVs 

The NYT gift guide review of this Snoopy tureen: "Wah-wah-wah wah wah-wah wah-wah-wah" 

President Obama: "We have come to Paris to show our resolve." Salutes Parisians "for insisting this crucial conference go o… 

"Mark Zuckerberg did not donate $45 billion to charity. You may have heard that, but that was wrong" —@eisingerj 

"The draft final outcome submitted to you this morning…obviously owes a great deal to the progress made here in Paris" @Fab… 

"The chemical industry has inherited the mantle of Big Tobacco," writes @NickKristof 

"If he were a white artist, you wouldn't be able to afford him now." 

Exclusive: Friend of Calif terrorists said: "There's so many sleeper cells, so many people just waiting." "

LAPD seeks to reassure local Muslims "that you're part of our community" after San Bernardino shooting 

"How would they know that?" Trump, on historians who say he put up a phony Civil War plaque. "Were they there?" 

"Somebody is shooting inside our building," a woman texted her father from San Bernardino. "I'm hiding in a closet." 

"Everybody's always looking for the next art neighborhood. It's going to happen here." 

"You have relieved our burden," said a Syrian father of his family's newfound home state of Connecticut 

"For me, whiteness is not an identity but a moral problem." 

"American and European politicians are following the Islamic State's script," writes @NickKristof 

The San Bernardino shooters dressed in a way "suggesting they were prepared," officials said 

"I've just become green — I can't wear any other color." 

"The threat from terrorism is real, but we will overcome it," said President Obama in an Oval Office address 

"Sweden's message to migrants in Europe is clear: Don't come here." 

"I want to make something. I don't want to be the face of anything." — @Adele 

Social Q's: "Should I ask my in-laws to trim down on their extravagant gift-giving?" 

"If you love liberty, then Paris is your hometown." — Bono, U2's frontman 

San Bernardino shooting suspect's sister says she saw no warning: "It's the very opposite of what we were taught" 

"These companies are to ethical pharmaceutical companies as a loan shark is to a bank," says @SenatorCollins 💊💰 

"I just got sucked in," says a man who gave $718,000 to psychics 

"Why would somebody want to hurt somebody who helps children?" 

"They were driving a vehicle with diplomatic plates," a chef at the Radisson Blu in Bamako said about the attackers. 

"ISIS and these kinds of extremists are a death cult. We're a life cult." U2 heads to Paris 

"Someones opening fire," she wrote. "Whaaaat the?" he replied, adding an expletive. 

"Right now, I think of my future and I'm scared": Refugees across Europe fear repercussions from the Paris attacks 

"Sneeed. It's almost Dickensian in a way." On the very unDickensian upbringing of Carly Fiorina, aka Carleton Sneed. ht… 

"I'm frightened": After Paris attacks, NYC Muslims cope with a backlash 

"The regulars did not take it seriously when Enrique Marquez mused about terrorism at Morgan's Tavern" 

"Mark Zuckerberg did not donate $45 billion to charity. You may have heard that, but that was wrong," says @eisinger 

"I am going to attempt to cheer you up by talking about abortion and guns," writes @nytimescollins in @nytopinion 

"We get requests all the time, ‘I don't want someone pretty,''"--Beverly Hills nanny agent. 

"Pinterest sent me over the edge" and other stories from D.I.Y. weddings 

How does it feel to punch someone in the face? "Not to sound barbaric, but it's awesome." 

"America has just lived through another presidential campaign week dominated by Trump's racist lies" 

"5 seconds we stared at each other, and in that 5-second period those bullet holes came right through my windshield" 

The president of Liberty University urges students to get gun permits, saying "we could end those Muslims" 

"I now feel ashamed to live in a building associated with such a vile man" 

Hillary Clinton: "Our goal is not to deter or contain ISIS, but to defeat and destroy ISIS." 

Modern Love: "Some astrologers are better at telling your story than others" 

"…and even more floods of desperate peoples seeking the sanctuary of nations not their own": Obama at #COP21 

"When this kind of thing happens at 40, it's trippy" 

Speaking from the Oval Office, President Obama says of terror threat: "We will overcome it." 

Survivor of Paris attacks: "In one minute, my whole life changed" 

"We should not be drawn once more into a long and costly ground war" in Iraq and Syria, Obama says. 

Sandi Toksvig, a founder of the Women's Equality Party in Britain: "I'm done waiting" 

"We wanted to know what happened to Ryan. ... It's the million-dollar question." 

"I'm guilty," the Planned Parenthood suspect shouted in court. "I'm a warrior for the babies." 

"I don't know how we win the war against ISIS," @FrankBruni writes in @nytopinion. "But I know how we lose it." 

"I don't want my kids to drown here." Rising sea levels are consuming the Marshall Islands 

"You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream and I'll always love you for it." —Kobe Bryant 

San Bernardino attackers' friend: "There's so many sleeper cells, so many people just waiting" 

"Everyone started running. Many made it, many did not." A NYT report: Inside the terrorist attack in San Bernardino. htt… 

"It was unspeakable the carnage that we were seeing." Survivors of the San Bernardino attack recall a day of terror. 

"We choose our echo chambers, but not our families." Thanksgiving fights are good for you. 

David Cameron praises stabbing witness who told attacker, "You ain't no Muslim, bruv." 

"How would they know that?" Mr. Trump said, when told historians had called his plaque a fiction. "Were they there?" htt… 

A call in Mandarin by ISIS for Muslims to "take up weapons to fight." 

Donald Trump again insists he saw celebrations in New Jersey on Sept. 11, 2001: "It was on television. I saw it." 

Jimmy McMillan, of "Rent Is Too Damn High" fame, is getting out of politics 

"If you still love her, and she's not yet married, you have to tell her." 

Ryan Gosling: "I thought I knew, but I didn't really know anything at all." 

Victim's husband tells terrorists, "I will not give you the gift of hate" 

"If my music can comfort anyone and make them feel like, ‘I'm not the only one,' that's my job done." Adele on "25": 

"My daughter is inside there. She's O.K. She's safe. We are waiting for her to come out." San Bernardino updates: 

"Only a few more shopping days left until your loved ones find out how little you understand them." 

Is Noël Wells "the coolest, funniest thing going" in Aziz Ansari's "Master of None"? 

President Obama says of terrorist threat: "We will overcome it" 

French prosecutor on police raid: "I am unable to give you a definitive number and identities of people killed" 

"I'm a warrior for the babies," Planned Parenthood shooting suspect shouts in Colorado 

"Cam Newton is the perfect answer to those who say that numbers don't lie" 

Gov. John R. Kasich: "I wouldn't run for vice president on any ticket" 

Obama on the Planned Parenthood shooting: "Enough is enough" 

Resident of Trump Towers in Istanbul: "I now feel ashamed to live in a building associated with such a vile man" 

"The chemical industry has inherited the mantle of Big Tobacco" writes @NickKristof in @nytopinion 

"Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz? It just saves time." 

"Our goal is not to deter or contain ISIS, but to defeat and destroy ISIS" — Hillary Clinton 

"I have seen up close how Muslims are treated in European society, especially French society." 

"Our resolve to help refugees should be stronger than ever" 

Eagles of Death Metal's singer vows to return to Paris: "I want to be the first band to play in the Bataclan" 

"If you still love her, and she's not yet married, you have to tell her." (He did. It worked.) 

"Truth be told, I wish Putin had succeeded. It would have saved us all a lot of trouble." 

Amy Poehler and Tina Fey: "They're like 'Lean In,' but funny" 

When Ben Carson walked around Johns Hopkins Hospital, said a former colleague, "he was like God" 

"I love the B-52. But the fact that this is still flying is really insane." 

"Do you know me? Do you know my heart?" On being Muslim in New York. 

"I'm gonna win the Grammy for best party." - @diplo 

This actor says it's hard to come up with a workout as grueling as a "Hunger Games" shoot 

For a "happy holiday, choose to keep the 'thanks' in Thanksgiving, whether you feel like it or not" 

President Obama from Oval Office: "The threat from terrorism is real, but we will overcome it." Says the United States wil… 

"People might be taken aback" — Jennifer Hudson, on showing a sexier side on Broadway 

"When you see bullets and you have a baby — I was in a panic, I was trembling." One woman's experience in St.-Denis: 

A Syrian family arrived in the U.S. this week to be greeted by a political backlash. "We felt rejected." 

"It's going to happen, O.K.?" Trump promised. But that's not how the US legal system works. 

The ISIS online magazine brags about "the IED used to bring down the Russian airliner" 

"If you want someone to grab a beer with, I may not be that guy," Ted Cruz said 

The Marshall Islands are disappearing. "I feel like we're living underwater." 

Obama: "We have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world" 

The number of cases of dengue fever in Hawaii rose this week. "Dengue outbreaks are extremely hard to control." 

The ISIS affiliate in Libya is the one "we're most worried about," a U.S. analyst says. 

#Paris prosecutor just sent 1 sentence specifying: "We do not know at this stage whether #Abaaoud blew himself up or not."… 

"It is our responsibility to reject religious tests on who we admit into this country." 

Finding hope in Paris: "I have to come here to find peace, to deal with my feelings." 

Writer Linda Wallem's tricks to fight Hollywood sexism: "I'd wear my cowboy boots, not heels. They click louder." 

"I don't want my kids to drown here." Rising sea levels are consuming the Marshall Islands. 

"Owning books in the home is one of the best things you can do for your children academically." 

Star Wars fans: "Yes, we still have a very long time to wait. No, we're not crazy." 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" —Bono, on ISIS 

"I want to make something. I don't want to be the face of anything." -- @Adele 

"Despite months of missing my college kids, it took only minutes for my frustration to surface" at Thanksgiving 

"If there is one word for peace in food, it is hummus" 

Amy calls Tina Betty. Tina Fey: "And I would also like for The Times to call me Betty." 

A 17-year-old who witnessed the Colorado shooting had seen another one weeks earlier. "She's a veteran now." 

Obama on why young people should care about climate change: "I'll be gone. But you'll have to deal with it." 

Modern Love: "I wanted to support him ... but I couldn't help feeling that his work and I were in competition" 

"He lifted his shirt up and he had holes in his chest." A scene of chaos during Planned Parenthood shooting: 

"Not every shooting is preventable. But we're not even trying." @NickKristof 

Justice Scalia: black students should go "to a less-advanced school ... where they do well." 

In Paris, mourning a father with the "charisma to be the lead singer" 

"I was surprised to find ... moments of relief, even joy." Photographing the refugee crisis 

"It's not the worst poem I've ever read." Poets critique Kobe Bryant's Poem to Basketball: 

"Just because you fall in love with someone doesn't necessarily mean they will fall in love with you" 

"How can he leave his only child, you know? And how could the mother do this?" asked Syed Rizwan Farook's sister 

Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of @UN: "History is calling. I urge you to answer with courage and vision." #COP21 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" — U2's Bono, on ISIS 

