Breaking News: Chicago officials have released a video showing the fatal shooting of a black teenager by an officer 

Kobe Bryant Announces Retirement 

Donald Trump calls for banning Muslims from entering U.S. 

#Serial's new subject said that in some sense he wanted to emulate someone like Jason Bourne 

Fact Check: Donald Trump saying he witnessed cheering on 9/11 in Jersey City 

The latest: What we know so far about the San Bernardino shooting 

If you were Mark Zuckerberg or Priscilla Chan, tell us how you would give away $45 billion, and why? 

Europe's open borders are an open invitation for terrorists, says Interpol's former head. 

What we know about the attack on a hotel in Mali 

We asked readers: What do you think can be done, if anything, to prevent mass shootings? 

Russian newspaper's scoop? Based on fake letters, U.S. says. 

At least 3 dozen people in U.S. were under surveillance for suspected ISIS ties before Paris attacks, officials say 

Adele, a 27-year-old mom who pretty much ignores social media, is selling more albums than anyone thought possible. ht… 

VIDEO: Why a French newspaper for kids refuses to sugarcoat the horror of the Paris attacks 

You asked, we answered: What causes eye twitches? 

Sports Alert: Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers announced that he will retire after this season 

Donald Trump meets with black pastors, claiming "there was great love in the room" 

Jimmy Carter's grandson says tests show the former president is cancer-free 

At least 9,115 people have been killed in Ukraine since April 2014, the UN says 

Dave Navarro's "Mourning Son" tells the story of his mother's murder 

Can the worst effects of climate change be avoided? Just barely, experts say. 

Americans Who Don't Buy Health Coverage Face Heftier Fine in '16, Analysis Finds 

Ending stop-and-frisk drove law enforcement actions down sharply in NYC, a study finds. 

"The Big Short" is "an enjoyable movie that leaves you in a state of rage," says @aoscott 

Genetically engineered salmon will not be labeled, FDA says 

Hillary Clinton urges Silicon Valley to "disrupt" ISIS, "the most effective recruiter in the world" 

Ask a Show Runner: Submit questions for Damon Lindelof of @TheLeftoversHBO 

During a rare Oval Office address, Obama said that his administration is ahead of the problems posed by ISIS 

My review of Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS, revealing new book abt terror group & its godfather Abu Musab al-Zarqawi h… 

Donald Trump Says His Mocking of New York Times Reporter Was Misread 

You asked, we answered: Will reducing meat in my diet really help the climate? 

Fact check: Rubio claims Cruz undermined U.S. intelligence gathering 

"To me, coming here is a way of saying goodbye. Goodbye to my friend, who meant a lot me." 

More Mexican immigrants are now leaving the U.S. than entering it, a new study finds 

Breaking News: Colorado officials say three people have died in shootings at a Planned Parenthood center 

VW Says Emissions Cheating Was Not a One-Time Error 

.@rcallimachi explains how ISIS wants to drag the U.S. and its allies into a ground war to hasten the apocalypse 

A Level 4 alert means the threat is "serious and imminent," the Belgian prime minister said. 

The gentle Bob Ross, an analogue-age PBS star, finds new relevance in the digital era. 

Imran Khan insists that the United States has been its own worst enemy in Pakistan 

Ben Carson said that he was mistaken in saying that he saw Muslims cheering in New Jersey 

Frank Gifford was found to have C.T.E., a degenerative brain disease, family says 

Tax Status of Museums Questioned by Senators 

That Manhattan dentist accused of trading work for meth? He was high when he spoke with an informer, his lawyer says 

Edmund de Waal thinks we're not touching enough. 

U.N. Security Council approves resolution urging Countries to combat Islamic State. 

A 3,300-pound crystal snowflake? A Christmas tree full of antlers? Find them in NYC. 

To understand @realDonaldTrump, @maggieNYT & I analyzed his every word this week--95,000 of em. Here's what we found h… 

2 studies call the police shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice in Cleveland "unreasonable" 

Mali says only 2 gunmen carried out the hotel attack in Bamako on Friday 

The president of Liberty University urged students to get gun permits. 

In response to the Paris attacks, John Kerry vows "greater pressure" on ISIS 

Salaries of private college presidents continue to rise, survey finds 

Breaking News: Putin calls Turkey's downing of a Russian fighter jet near the Syrian border a "stab in the back" 

The shooting at Planned Parenthood in Colorado adds to the already high-pitched controversy in Congress 

Americans Attracted to ISIS Find an ‘Echo Chamber' on Social Media 

The U.S. women's soccer team refuses to play on turf it calls unsafe. Men only play on sod. 

Turing Pharmaceuticals refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis drug 

Brussels placed at the highest alert level, authorities warning of a "possible and likely threat" 

No Charges for Mother Who Left Newborn at Queens Church, Prosecutor Says 

San Bernardino couple spoke of attacks in 2013, FBI says 

To win in the NFL, teams know they have to win the turnover battle 

Gunmen arrived at Mali hotel in "a vehicle with diplomatic plates," pastry chef at hotel said 

Russia says the navigator of the jet that was shot down Tuesday has been rescued 

A sign saying back off my (green) lawn 

Those who escaped ISIS say that its statehood project is in tatters. 

After losing a daughter in the Paris attacks, a family vows to "continue to live" 

U.S. offers $5 million reward for senior ISIS figure 

Those calorie listings on menus? They have less impact than you'd think. Here's the science on it: 

Police chiefs say scrutiny over videos has radically changed their work 

Two-thirds of Americans say the U.S. should join a global climate change pact, a poll shows 

South Korea Says It's Working to Halt Refugees' Return to North 

Walmart imports Chinese goods... and exports U.S. jobs, study says 

Police chiefs say scrutiny over videos has made their jobs more difficult, far more political and much less secure 

Donald Trump said tonight that if he's elected, anyone who kills a police officer will get the death penalty 

At this 80-acre preserve, find "a type-B experience in a type-A world" 

Samsung agrees to pay Apple $548 million to settle smartphone patent dispute 

FBI director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 

Thinking about chowder? Warm up with this Iberian-inspired soup. 

Here's what the 2016 candidates said about terrorism and refugees this week 

Investigators believe one gunman in California shooting had worked at facility, recently had dispute, per officials 

For all Kobe Bryant's success, he will leave a somewhat complicated legacy, says @AndrewKeh 

Online sleuths helped solve a 20-year-old mystery surrounding the identity of a man known only as "Grateful Doe" 

NYC psychic admits to taking more than $550,000 from a man whom she promised to reunite with a dead woman 

French prosecutor says Abdelhamid Abaaoud, suspect in the Paris attacks, is not in custody 

Donald Trump widens lead in New Hampshire, poll shows 

A father may pass on more than just his genes in his sperm, a study suggests 

Albuquerque, Revising Approach Toward the Homeless, Offers Them Jobs 

San Bernardino "still on alert," mayor says. Live updates: 

Ousted founder of Men's Wearhouse admits a touch of schadenfreude as the company struggles 

The suspected architect of the Paris attacks was killed in a police raid on Wednesday, French officials said 

The coastal city of Surt is the most strategically important outpost run by an ISIS affiliate, Western officials say 

Iceland has more books read per person than any other country. Find out why: 

Xi Jinping Announces Overhaul of China's Military Forces 

Stuffing vs. dressing, explained 

What we know and don't know about the terrorist attack in Mali 

Shrinking access to confidential records threatens to weaken government watchdogs 

What @tanehisicoates learned from David Carr: 

The average age of the American supporter of ISIS was 26, study says, reflecting pattern of younger recruits 

Updated: What investigators know about the San Bernardino shooting 

Obama Says He Expects ‘Truth' in Intelligence Reports 

Breaking News: The U.S. added 211,000 jobs in November, clearing the way for a likely Fed rate increase this month 

After the Paris attacks, Syrian refugees say Michigan is not as welcoming a place as it was before. 

The U.S. women's soccer team has had enough, refusing to play on dangerous artificial turf 

How DO all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose? @garyrudoren investigates 

Donald Trump calls University of Missouri leaders "babies" for resigning 

Obama warns of "submerged countries, abandoned cities, fields that no longer grow, political disruptions that trigger new c… 

Giuliani says there were people celebrating in New York on 9/11, but Trump's claim is an exaggeration 

Former President Jimmy Carter says he is free of cancer 

Much of the world agrees that ISIS needs to be crushed. But how that can be accomplished is a lot more complicated. 

A Player Concussed, and a Policy Questioned 

Military Plane Shot Down Near Syria Border, Turkey Says 

1964: "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" airs. NYT called it a "charming and tuneful fantasy."

Can't turn away from your app? That's by design — a phenomenon known as the network effect 

New York officials say to ignore a new ISIS video that threatens New York City 

56 people have been arrested in the U.S. this year for helping to support or plot ISIS, study says 

Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer announces the birth of twin daughters 

From the archives: I found our Rockwell-esque Thanksgiving banal. But for my immigrant parents, it was anything but. 

What we know so far about the police raid in the northern Paris suburb of St.-Denis 

Fantasy sports' real crime: dehumanizing the athletes, says @WCRhoden 

President Obama will seek to reassure the nation on terrorism fight in his address tonight, Loretta Lynch said. 

A new substance, Q-carbon, is harder than diamonds, scientists say 

A soccer match between Germany and the Netherlands was cancelled because of a "concrete" threat, officials said 

In Belgium, one person is in custody and has been charged with participating in Paris attacks, prosecutors say 

Modern Love: The heart said yes; the horoscope said no 

After a health scare and financial hardship, a couple is eager to repay the kindness shown. 

Add some holiday greenery to your cocktail coupe 

You probably own a stake in a gun manufacturer, whether you know it or not, @andrewrsorkin writes 

To tackle a threat, politicians should look at guns, @NickKristof says 

"This is not my time," Bobby Jindal said as he quit GOP presidential race 

Takata Said to Have Manipulated Testing Data for Troubled Airbag Inflaters 

What investigators know about the San Bernardino shooting 

Colorado governor calls the shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic a "form of terrorism" 

Find the best present ideas for everyone on your holiday shopping list 

The FIFA investigation, explained 

F.S.U. Reported Few Rape Cases to the U.S. 

A baby dies at day care, and a mother asks why she had to leave him so soon 

Harvard has long claimed credit for creating The Bluebook, but Yale librarians say it originated in New Haven 

Donald Trump says he supports those who "roughed up" a protester at his event. 

An upstate N.Y. high school turned away refugee children because of their age and English skills, authorities say. 

Navigator Rescued After Turkey Shot Down Warplane, Russia Says 

Ted Cruz knows you probably don't want to get a beer with him. But he's trying. 

Donald Trump says terrorists' families should be targets 

A plan to repeal farm cuts shows talking about budget-balancing is easier than doing it. 

A dad may pass on more than just genes in his sperm, a study suggests 

Even Donald Trump's critics admit rising anxiety over security 

Film studios check when sports teams will be in boring cities and offer to rent them a theater for a movie screening 

Obama called for Americans to reject bigotry, in an implicit rebuke of Donald Trump 

The largest drug maker in America says moving its headquarters to Ireland is actually good for the United States. 

Washington ordered to pay $16.65 million to man after a jury found that he was framed for 1981 rape and murder 

You know it's Christmastime in Romania when drunk bears dance in your living room 

You asked, we answered: What gives prunes a laxative effect? 

Americans attracted to ISIS find an "echo chamber" on social media 

FBI says suspects left crushed cell phones nearby, in attempt to hide digital footprints. 

What @jelani9 learned from David Carr: 

Winds of change whipping through mansion doors of globalized sports, @powellnyt explains. FIFA is latest example. 

New: How SOUTH PARK showed it takes an outrageous satire to capture an era of outrage. 

The climate change pledges, explained in graphics 

The refugee crisis shows the failure of the president's approach to politics - @Peter_Wehner 

Volkswagen announced that its emission cheating wasn't just a one-time error 

Mark Zuckerberg did not donate $45 billion to charity. You may have heard that, but that was wrong, says @eisingerj 

Fewer young people are drinking and driving, study says 

Donald Trump denies that he mocked the appearance of a New York Times reporter with a physical disability 

The good old days of the gold standard? Not really, historians say. 

Donald Trump tells a campaign rally in Georgia that his critics can't take a joke 

Chicago's police chief was ousted a week after the release of video showing an officer shooting a teenager 16 times 

Breaking News: President Obama, seeking to reassure a nation on edge, vowed to defeat the Islamic State 

Supreme Court says woman injured in a train accident in Austria cannot sue in an American court 

On a spot where some of Uganda's first Christians were burned to death, Pope Francis offers Mass for Ugandans. 

Another reason to fear Trump's radicalism: it's making his rivals look deceptively reasonable, @frankbruni says. 

Ben Carson said he was mistaken in saying he saw Muslims cheering in New Jersey on Sept. 11 

Pope Francis called for 'God's mercy' at the start of a yearlong Jubilee 

You are seeing the results of more online polls. They aren't always accurate. @Nate_Cohn explains. 

How Thomas Jefferson learned architecture 

The police in Australia raided the home of a man said to be the likely creator of Bitcoin 

ISIS dream of statehood said to be fading in new fighting 

The downing of a Russian warplane by Turkey threatens to lead to a wholesale breach in the countries' relations 

You asked, we answered: Is lying down as bad for you as sitting? 

'Do you know me? Do you know my heart?' Muslims in New York share their experiences 

Adele's "25" is easily shaping up to be the best-selling LP of 2015. Here she tells the stories behind seven songs: 

The attacks in Paris reveal the strategic limits of ISIS 

Comparing what Russia and Turkey say happened in the downing of a Russian warplane. 

The defense secretary announced that the military will open all combat roles to women. 

French President François Hollande said he'll travel to Washington next week to meet with President Obama 

The Times asked readers: What can be done, if anything, to prevent mass shootings? 

Investigators found 12 pipe bombs at the home of the suspects in the San Bernardino shooting 

Jeb Bush Says He Would Have Probably Skipped Climate Conference 

Nestlé reports on abuses in Thailand's seafood industry 

Albuquerque, revising its approach toward the homeless, offers them jobs 

Refugees Must Not Be Turned Away, Obama Says 

An appeals court found Oscar Pistorius guilty of murder, overturning a lesser conviction 

Who knew about Abaaoud's travels? EU countries have opened their borders to one another but not their intelligence. 

Breaking News: The police say at least 14 are dead in the San Bernardino rampage, with up to three gunmen at large 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" —Bono, on ISIS 

Paris prosecutor confirms Abdelhamid Abaaoud is among the dead. His identity was confirmed through forensic testing. 

President Obama calls for stronger gun laws 

Video shows Laquan McDonald shot and killed by Officer Jason Van Dyke in Chicago last year 

If you were Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, tell us how you would give away $45 billion, and why? 

Breaking News: The F.B.I. says it is investigating the San Bernardino attack as an act of terrorism 

UFC says Holly Holm's next fight will be Ronda Rousey rematch 

Donald Trump steps back from calling for Muslim registry, saying the suggestion came from a reporter 

Woman who shot at Home Depot shoplifters vows to never help anyone again 

ISIS has captured the world's attention, but one report says Boko Haram has been more deadly 

Half of New York City residents say they are just getting by or finding it difficult to do so, poll shows 

What to say to your child when you say "no" to the hoverboard 

San Bernardino police said Syed Farook left a holiday party "angry" and returned with explosive devices and guns 

Helping Syrian refugees isn't naïveté, says @NickKristof. It's humanity. 

The houses Frank Lloyd Wright designed in a Chicago suburb hinted at his work to come. 

Manhattan dentist's lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with informer 

What we know so far about the San Bernardino shooting. Follow live updates: 

A Baruch fraternity leader said Monday he knew the hazing rite that turned fatal was banned. 

Politicians offer prayers but reject the most basic restrictions on weapons of mass killing: 

Shooting at Planned Parenthood Adds to Challenges for Congress 

ESPN and College Football Playoff agree not to air daily fantasy ads 

NPR's Diane Rehm announces retirement from long-running talk show 

To his credit, George W. Bush refused to lazily conflate Islam with terrorism: 

You asked, we answered: What is the significance of elevated diastolic blood pressure if the systolic is normal? 

Refugees must not be turned away, Obama says 

The Times asked illustrators to design a runners-up World Series ring for the 2015 Mets 

Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump's Muslim ban is harmful to U.S. antiterror efforts 

On Saturday, after delivering a speech calling for peace, Tahir Elçi was killed by an unknown gunman 

What we know about the attack on a hotel in Mali. Follow our live blog for updates: 

We claim no responsibility for what might happen if you're reading this tweet while walking 

Officials say the gunmen at the Mali hotel are no longer holding any hostages 

Turkish military image shows where Turkey says Russian jet crossed into its airspace. 

Editing human genes in inheritable ways should wait until risks are clearer, scientists say 

Police say the target of raids in St.-Denis was Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the militant suspected of organizing the attacks 

Recent studies show the striking effects of diversity on critical thinking: 

ISIS shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a Russian jet 

A study found "widespread discrimination" against people with black-sounding names on Airbnb 

The only American known to have died in the Paris attacks had a "zest for life." 

What we know so far about the raid in St.-Denis 

Walmart's Imports From China Displaced 400,000 Jobs, a Study Says 

Tips for finding a great vacation deal on Black Friday and Cyber Monday 

New Vatican document says Christians must fight anti-Semitism and not seek to convert Jews 

President Obama said the Paris climate conference represents an important turning point 

A doctor explains why he provides abortions in the South 

A clarification, of sorts: Donald Trump Steps Back From Calling for Muslim Registry 

As Republicans call for force, Hillary Clinton will present her plan to battle ISIS 

Breaking News: Couple in San Bernardino rampage discussed an attack as long as two years ago, F.B.I. director says 

Australian Police Raid Home of Man Said to Be Likely Creator of Bitcoin 

A political scientist explains how to talk to your relatives about politics. 

Analysts say the West is dangerously mistaken to think firepower alone can defeat ISIS 

A new study found that minorities receive less pain treatment in emergency rooms 

John Kerry said he would like to see U.S.-led effort against ISIS in Syria "go faster" 

Ted Cruz vows to ‘kill the terrorists' in ad timed to big football game 

E. coli outbreak linked to Costco chicken salad, CDC says 

President Obama called on China to stop construction in the South China Sea 

When the U.S. withdrew from Iraq, it thought it had subdued ISIS. The group is now on a very different trajectory. 

France will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years, President François Hollande says 

Billy Wagner has a strong case for the Hall of Fame ballot, @TylerKepner explains 

The U.S. has lost billions of dollars in tax revenue from what President Obama calls "unpatriotic" inversions 

What we know about the San Bernardino shooting 

First Draft: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Endure as Ben Carson Recedes, Poll Says 

Breaking News: Colorado Shooting Suspect Declares ‘I'm Guilty' in Court 

Donald Trump says he'd "absolutely" require Muslims to register in a database 

Obama mentions Rohingya and says treatment of minorities in Myanmar is one of the biggest problems going forward. 

The Democrats have begun fund-raising efforts after Donald Trump called for a ban on Muslims 

3 Chinese Executives Killed in Mali Attack, Company Says 

China acknowledges killing 28 people suspected of taking part in a coal mine attack 

Bernie Sanders defends Democratic socialism, calling it the route to economic fairness 

Breaking News: The couple in the San Bernardino rampage had long been radicalized, the F.B.I. said 

2 Paris attackers were planning a final assault, prosecutor says 

Did Donald Trump predict the Sept. 11 attacks like he claimed? @nytpolitics fact-checks him. 

You say you loathe @tedcruz? You still might want to vote for him 

Tighter Lid on Records Threatens to Weaken Government Watchdogs 

Tashfeen Malik's relatives believe she developed radical beliefs after she moved to Saudi Arabia 

Half of New York City residents say they are barely making ends meet, a new poll finds 

Protesters at Donald J. Trump's campaign event in Columbus, Ohio, were booed and yelled at, and ordered removed: 

NYT readers offer views on civil liberties vs. security restrictions in preventing terrorism 

A new national poll shows the leading candidates, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, solidifying their positions 

Explosions Reported at Site of Police Standoff in Paris 

Today's vote on refugees shows Obama misread the mood of Congress, and many Americans, after the Paris attacks. 

Popped quinoa adds texture and flavor, and a bit of "stealth health" to granola 

When Einstein's theory of general relativity was announced, explaining it wasn't easy 

Student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic, Oklahoma college president says 

What @melbournecoal learned from David Carr: 

SCOTUS take note: campus protests this fall show we need more college diversity, not less. 

To save on New York hotels, look outside Manhattan, says @FrugalTraveler 

ISIS claims its followers carried out the San Bernardino attack 

Obama urged people not to give in to fear or language that casts suspicion on all Muslims 

At least 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting rampage, police say. There were 3 shooters. Live updates: 

A front-page editorial in Saturday's Times calls for an end to America's gun epidemic: 

Putin accused Turkey of ruining diplomatic relations; Erdogan said he would shoot down Russian plane all over again 

How often do mass shootings occur? On average, every day, records show 

Angela Merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in Germany "had to happen" 

Breaking News: Americans' fear of terrorism is as high as immediately after 9/11, New York Times/CBS News poll finds 

Inaccurate medical tests are prompting abortions, promoting unneeded surgeries and raising medical costs, FDA says 

LivingSocial offers a glimpse of what some of today's biggest start-ups might look like several years down the road 

Obama echoes 2014 Pentagon report that said climate change posed threat to national security 

You asked, @nytimeswell answered: Is tooth polishing necessary? 

Avon said to be in talks to sell North American business 

Breaking News: The female suspect in the California rampage pledged allegiance to ISIS on Facebook, officials said 

Thinking of living in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn? You're not the only one. 

Harvard Law Review has long claimed credit for creating The Bluebook, but an article says idea originated at Yale 

Putin says Turkey's downing of a Russian fighter jet will have "serious consequences for Russian-Turkish relations" 

What new research says about working moms 

ISIS urges an apocalyptic war with the West so that Islam prevails, says prophetic texts 

What @erinleecarr learned from her father: 

Breaking News: The suspected architect of the Paris attacks was killed in a police raid Wednesday, officials say 

Investing in renewable energy is a far bigger opportunity than the I.T. boom, John Kerry said at #INYTEFT 

To crush ISIS, John Kerry urges deft removal of Syria's Assad. 

Randall Munroe, a former NASA roboticist turned web cartoonist, explains it all for us 

Putin calls Turkey's downing of a Russian fighter jet near the Syrian border a "stab in the back" 

Tony Bennett finds his heart in Central Park 

ISIS has two contradictory goals: Goading the U.S. into a ground war and running a state, says one analyst 

Donald Trump has solidified his lead but leaves many voters nervous, a new poll finds 

Fabius says we're just moments away from seeing the @COP21 draft text #climate 

Syed Rizwan Farook's sister said she intends to adopt his 6-month-old daughter 

Breaking News: Police say a second suspect in the California shooting has been killed and a third person detained 

If Donald Trump is worried about extremist public opinion in the U.S., he should look at what the research says 

Yahoo fights back against ad blockers, tells some users to turn them off or forget about getting email 

Ben Carson kept mispronouncing the name of the extremist group Hamas, saying something that sounded more like hummus 

Torture remains entrenched in China's criminal justice system, says a hard-hitting UN paper. 

Few of the Republican candidates offered any response to the Planned Parenthood shooting 

What Ben Carson's former co-workers said about his potential transition to president 

Daniel Holtzclaw, former Oklahoma City police officer, found guilty of rapes 

He was addicted to distraction. Here's how he lost, and found, his focus. 

John Kerry finds himself in a familiar spot: Trying to coax a deal in meeting's closing days 

A peace offering on a plate of hummus. 

Crimea is without electricity after its main power lines were blown up, Russian reports say. 

Two-thirds of voters are frightened about the prospect of a Trump presidency, a new NYT/CBS News poll finds 

The release of the Laquan McDonald video revealed a conspiracy of concealment in Chicago 

Mayor Bill de Blasio tells New York City to ignore new ISIS video that hints at attacks on Manhattan 

Breast-feeding is good for mothers, not just babies, studies suggest 

FBI chief says Texas gunman used encryption to text overseas terrorist 

Watching television may be bad for your brain, a new study suggests 

EU offers Turkey 3 billion euros to stop migrants from reaching Greece and other countries on Europe's outer fringe 

A closer look at the numbers shows the Rangers aren't as good as their record would suggest 

Are you equipped for holiday parties? Find ugly sweaters and more in the NYT gift guide. 

Pact calls for temperature rise "well below 2 degrees" C, "endeavor to limit that increase to 1.5 degrees"—loud applause fr… 

How often, if ever, do you think about the possibility of a shooting in your daily life? 

At U.P., the house that Cronuts built, Dominique Ansel offers multicourse dessert displays 

The ex-wife of the suspect in the Colorado killings says he showed few signs of obsession 

"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" — U2's Bono, on ISIS 

U.S. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by Iran 

Gun sales soared on Black Friday, the FBI says. It processed about 2 firearm background checks per second. 

