Representatives of 195 countries are on the brink of reaching a landmark climate accord 
How Kricket Nimmons seized the transgender moment 
Using virtual reality, @NYTmag lets you take flight with stars of the silver screen 
What’s the best book, new or old, you read this year? Our columnists weigh in. 
She had lived part-time, then full-time, as a woman. Now, there would be no turning back. 
The Trump effect, and how it spreads 
Quote of the Day 
A Clemson football fan has found a way around rules against paying players, but the NCAA may disagree 
RT @NYTmag: Lily Tomlin lifts off, E.T. style, in this year's Great Performers 
North Korean Band Abruptly Leaves China, Its Concerts Canceled 
What to make this weekend 
Banksy's latest works make a point about immigration 
Canine Flu Has Dog Owners Wondering if Fido Needs a Vaccine 
Gwyneth Paltrow's official (unofficial) gift guide, as recorded by @meganamram 
Why the Yankees play “New York, New York” after every game 
After two weeks of negotiation, the final draft of a Paris climate accord has been released 
RT @NYTMetro: The view from up there: George Steinmetz photographs New York from the skies. ttp://nyti.ms/1OWi4FR 
Document: Final Draft of Accord 
Who said "Game of Thrones" wasn’t for kids? 
On the Cusp of History at the Climate Talks 
A timpano that’s easier to make and just as spectacular 
For children, dumbed-down phones may be smartest option 
Martin Shkreli provokes alarm again with plan to increase price of drug for serious infectious disease 
‘A Whole New Being’: How Kricket Nimmons Seized the Transgender Moment 
RT @NYTMetro: Ending stop-and-frisk drove law enforcement actions down sharply in NYC, a study finds. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Very wealthy people who maintained or increased their fortunes this last year had these essential traits in common: ht… Dec 12, 2015 

RT @sewellchan: "This text will, if you should so decide, be the first universal agreement in the history of climate negotiations": @fholla… Dec 12, 2015 

RT @CoralMDavenport: Fabius says we're just moments away from seeing the @COP21 draft text #climate 
RT @meddybln: Thunderous applause for including goal to limit global warming to 1,5C degrees in #COP21 document Dec 12, 2015 

RT @sewellchan: "Nobody here wants a repetition of what happened in Copenhagen…Perhaps not all the planets were aligned, but today they are… Dec 12, 2015 

RT @nytpolitics: “It’s going to happen, O.K.?” Trump promised. But that's not how the US legal system works. 
RT @sewellchan: Pact calls for temperature rise "well below 2 degrees" C, "endeavor to limit that increase to 1.5 degrees"—loud applause fr… Dec 12, 2015 

RT @sewellchan: "The draft final outcome submitted to you this morning…obviously owes a great deal to the progress made here in Paris" @Fab… Dec 12, 2015 

RT @NYTMetro: How one woman in New York became affectionately known as the "turtle lady." 
RT @nytfood: A winter squash soup with a hint of ginger 
San Bernardino attackers’ friend: "There’s so many sleeper cells, so many people just waiting" 
RT @nytopinion: The gun industry recklessly markets military weapons tailored for the civilian homefront. 
Donald Trump fires back at Ted Cruz 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Making the case for mandatory retirement savings plans 
RT @NYTNational: Assertions of hate crime a Somali-American teenager falls to his death 
RT @nytimestravel: For sheer exhilaration, it’s hard to beat a run down Highland Bowl in Aspen. 
RT @nytimesvows: “When this kind of thing happens at 40, it’s trippy" 
RT @NYTScience: A tiny cousin to Triceratops: about the size of spaniel, and no horns. 
RT @nytimesarts: Review: Ailey Company begins dancing a prison tale 
A friend of the San Bernardino attackers has become a crucial if unlikely figure in the investigation 
RT @nytimesarts: Sinatra used the microphone to convey an astounding intimacy, infused with a tender eroticism 
RT @nytimesbusiness: A great contract to have your kids sign before handing them their first phone: 
Fighting in Kabul’s Diplomatic Quarter Ends, Afghan Officials Say 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Why was the rapper 50 Cent worth $240 million in May 2014 and about $50 million last month? 
France Replies to World’s 50 Best Restaurants List With 1,000 of Its Own 
RT @nytfood: 13 recipes for the weekend 
RT @NYTSports: Conor McGregor is ready for his shot at José Aldo and the UFC title 
New Zealand picks a challenger that could replace the nation’s flag 
RT @nytopinion: Businesses that license the Trump brand ought to do some soul searching. 
RT @nytimesarts: How Frank Sinatra's "New York, New York" became a hit at Yankees games 
Congress has become the last to admit what the public senses with each new shooting spree 
RT @nytimesworld: Spain arrests terrorism suspect in plot against Swedish artist. 
The NYT review of "The Big Short" 
A brawl broke out (again) in Ukraine's Parliament 
Warriors 124, Celtics 119 (Double Overtime): Celtics Work Overtime, Twice, but Come Up Empty as Warriors Go to 24-0 
RT @nytopinion: Trump has no solution for his followers' desperate angst. All he's done is give the marginalized permission to hate. 
Michael Cuddyer Calls It a Career, and the Mets Gain Some Flexibility 
Two victims of Daniel Holtzclaw, the Oklahoma police officer convicted of rape, speak out 
RT @nytimesbusiness: A study found “widespread discrimination” against people with black-sounding names on Airbnb 
Online sleuths helped solve a 20-year-old mystery surrounding the identity of a man known only as "Grateful Doe" 
Paul Krugman: GOP establishment helped pave the way for the Trump phenomenon 
Justin Trudeau welcomes 163 Syrian refugees in Canada 
RT @NYTStyles: After being called out for copying, Chanel does the right thing. 
Doris Matsui, congresswoman born in internment camp, responds to Trump 
RT @NYTScience: Elon Musk and other investors will support artificial intelligence research that focuses on augmenting humanity 
Fewer young people are drinking and driving, study says 
A fire that tore through a California mosque is being investigated as possible arson 
RT @nytopinion: A political fact-checker on where the 2016 candidates stand between True and Pants On Fire: 
San Bernardino attackers’ friend: "There’s so many sleeper cells, so many people just waiting" 
With our #nytvr app, we put you into the center of @NYTmag's Great Performers series 
Viola Davis and Edie Falco talk race, sex and life before stardom 
RT @nytrealestate: Soundproofing for New York noise: 
New Zealand picks a challenger that could replace the nation’s flag 
Even Donald Trump’s critics admit rising anxiety over security 
RT @nytimesarts: Frank Sinatra gave men license to cry without shame 
The season’s most intriguing, gift-worthy DVD releases 
In March, @barackobama and @repjohnlewis led a commemorative march in Selma. Coming soon: The Year in Pictures. 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Martin Shkreli provokes alarm again with plan to increase price of drug for serious infectious disease 
RT @NYTNow: Your Friday Evening Briefing is ready. 
Qaddafi’s son Hannibal is said to be abducted in Lebanon 
A timpano that’s easier to make and just as spectacular 
"Dumbo" wrote the last word on cinematic flight back in 1941, but the magic of the experience endures 
RT @nytimesphoto: 'Do you know me? Do you know my heart?' Muslims in New York share their experiences 
RT @nytimesworld: In these hard times, how do you talk to your kids about being Muslim? 
Paleontologists have discovered a distant relative of Triceratops 
Gwyneth Paltrow's official (unofficial) gift guide, as recorded by @meganamram 
RT @nytopinion: I had never handled a gun before obtaining certification to carry on campus. Not to worry. 
RT @mccarthyryanj: "The regulars did not take it seriously when Enrique Marquez mused about terrorism at Morgan’s Tavern" 
Who said "Game of Thrones" wasn’t for kids? 
RT @nytfood: A timpano that’s easier to make and just as spectacular 
How to give better directions. (Hint: start with a landmark) 
Jeb Bush is trying hard not to be the Mitt Romney of 2016 
As the Durst Organization turns 100 years old, Robert Durst casts a long, dark shadow 
The bareback rider Bobby Mote competing this week at the National Finals Rodeo (via 
RT @nytopinion: All politicians lie, but some lie more than others. 
A friend of the San Bernardino attackers has become a crucial if unlikely figure in the investigation 
A study found “widespread discrimination” against people with black-sounding names on Airbnb 
Two victims of Daniel Holtzclaw, the Oklahoma police officer convicted of rape, speak out 
RT @NYTMetro: The former State Senate majority leader Dean G. Skelos and his son were found guilty of all eight corruption charges 
RT @cliffordlevy: Exclusive: Friend of Calif terrorists said: "There’s so many sleeper cells, so many people just waiting." ”
A Clemson football fan has found a way around rules against paying players, but the NCAA may disagree 
After months of false starts, the campaign to retake Ramadi from ISIS has finally yielded some success 
Online sleuths helped solve a 20-year-old mystery surrounding the identity of a man known only as "Grateful Doe" 
RT @NYTStyles: After being called out for copying, Chanel does the right thing. 
A brawl broke out (again) in Ukraine's Parliament 
A history of flying in the movies 
Banksy's latest works make a point about immigration 
Why the Yankees play “New York, New York” after every game 
The latest draft for a climate deal is in. Here's what it means. 
China's coastal cities are on a path to submersion. Shanghai has the most to lose. 
A dumb phone could be the best option for your child's first phone 
Good end-of-2015 reading: Which TV show, concert or book is worth experiencing for the first time, all over again? 
What to make this weekend 
Donald Trump fires back at Ted Cruz 
RT @jbarro: Corporations are people. Does that mean they can be your friends? I look into "brand anthropomorphization." 
RT @NYTSports: Judge upholds state AG’s injunction barring daily fantasy sites from operating in New York 
British prosecutors are ending their phone-hacking investigation 
From Kitty Hawk in 1903 to "Birdman" in 2014, flight captured on film is pure magic 
Woman who shot at Home Depot shoplifters vows to never help anyone again 
Justin Trudeau welcomes 163 Syrian refugees in Canada 
Friday Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
The NYT review of "The Big Short" 
How to prepare for an earthquake 
RT @nytpolitics: We fact-checked Donald Trump's claim that he has no campaign donors 
Britain has had to contend with two threats recently: terrorist strikes and rain. 
Congress has become the last to admit what the public senses with each new shooting spree 
RT @NYTmag: A cinematic history of going airborne, by @aoscott 
Quote of the Day 
RT @NYTScience: The climate talks in Paris could lead to a sweeping effort to save the world’s forests 
Alibaba Buying South China Morning Post, Aiming to Influence Media 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
The czar of Private Eye magazine probably wields as much power as any media boss in Britain 
American police leaders find lessons on avoiding deadly force -- in Scotland 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Don't worry, be unhappy 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Dow Chemical and DuPont set an all-stock merger of equals; will then split into 3 companies 
After guards beat a man at Attica Correctional Facility, a stranger stepped in with help 
Dow Chemical and DuPont Set Merger and Plans to Split 
RT @nytimestravel: 9 Things Every Skier Should Know This Winter 
RT @nytimesworld: #COP21 is nearing its deadline. In 2009, similar talks on a climate accord came to a murky end 
In the G.O.P. primary, a strenuous itinerary does not necessarily mean strong poll numbers 
A draft of a climate deal is in. Whether it has teeth will unfold in the next 48-72 hours. 
China's coastal cities are on a path to submersion. Shanghai has the most to lose. 
Friday Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
"Do you know me? Do you know my heart?" On being Muslim in New York. 
On Republican Campaign Trail, Slow and Steady May Win the Race 
Listening to #Serial? Last year, we mapped the area where Bowe Bergdahl disappeared. 
To Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, Donald Trump is no longer a laughing matter 
RT @nytpolitics: For Muslim members of Congress, Trump's call represents a stark affront. 
He blew the whistle at JPMorgan Chase, then came the blowback 
RT @nytpolitics: Like Romney, Jeb Bush is awkward and goofy. But his team wants to avoid Romney’s mistakes 
What new research says about working moms 
RT @nytimesphoto: A new policy strands thousands of migrants in Greece. Powerful photos 
Platini Loses Appeal at CAS Over 90-Day FIFA Ban 
Kings 99, Knicks 97: No Whistle, and No Win, for Carmelo Anthony and Knicks 
RT @nytfood: Where Katharine Hepburn got her chocolates 
Death toll from hajj stampede reaches 2,411 in new estimate 
The NYT stories that held your attention the longest in 2015 
RT @nytimesphoto: Drone photos provide a sense the long, arduous journey migrants are making across Europe 
The Best in Culture 2015: The Top Books of 2015 
RT @NYTNational: The Times asked readers: What can be done, if anything, to prevent mass shootings? 
RT @nytimesworld: Irish women who had abortions abroad show their faces online. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Airlines weigh the hazards of carrying hoverboards because of their lithium batteries 
RT @nytimesworld: New Vatican document says Christians must fight anti-Semitism and not seek to convert Jews 
Daniel Holtzclaw, former Oklahoma City police officer, found guilty of rapes 
Donald Trump has lashed out at a petition seeking to bar him from entering Britain 
Syrian Rebels Form Bloc for New Round of Peace Talks 
If Donald Trump is worried about extremist public opinion in the U.S., he should look at what the research says 
RT @nytimesworld: At Paris climate talks, Germany and California show they have a lot in common. 
See what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 
Best cheap eats in NYC for 2015 
The top books of 2015 
Social Q's: How to respond to unwanted presents 
Mark Zuckerberg reassures Muslim Facebook users 
Modern Love: "Some astrologers are better at telling your story than others" 
The Trump effect, and how it spreads 
The 2016 Golden Globes nominations are in 
"I am going to attempt to cheer you up by talking about abortion and guns," writes @nytimescollins in @nytopinion 
RT @nytpolitics: Franklin Roosevelt’s granddaughter criticized Donald Trump for his remarks about Muslims 
Review: ‘The Color Purple’ on Broadway, Stripped to Its Essence 
#Serial is back and focuses on Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 
Justice Antonin Scalia steps into "mismatch" debate with his remarks in affirmative action case 
Port Authority to pay part of Murdoch companies’ rent to lure them downtown 
Death toll from hajj stampede reaches 2,411 in new estimate 
RT @NYTScience: A litter of puppies was born for the first time that was conceived using I.V.F. 
Divers search for electronics of San Bernardino attackers 
Fears in Europe feed political rise of the right-wing 
Daniel Holtzclaw, former Oklahoma City police officer, found guilty of rapes 
The NYT theater review of "The Color Purple" on Broadway 
RT @NYTmag: This week's Vine: Take Flight with Melissa McCarthy, two cats and more Hollywood stars! 
Republicans make presence felt at climate talks by ignoring them 
RT @nytopinion: bell hooks: "There is so much feeling of being lost." 
He blew the whistle at JPMorgan Chase, then came the blowback 
RT @nytimesarts: "The Big Short" is "an enjoyable movie that leaves you in a state of rage," says @aoscott 
Citadel investigating images of cadets in white hoods 
Modern Love: The heart said yes; the horoscope said no 
RT @thomaskaplan: Donald Trump said tonight that if he's elected, anyone who kills a police officer will get the death penalty 
To Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, Donald Trump is no longer a laughing matter 
In stunning short films, top actors pay homage to the ultimate Hollywood magic trick 
"Do you know me? Do you know my heart?" On being Muslim in New York. 
UFC says Holly Holm’s next fight will be Ronda Rousey rematch 
RT @NYTStyles: A portfolio of tiny houses, to collect like contemporary art 
A nurse in Liberia checked a patient's temperature in February. Coming soon: The Year in Pictures 
Best cheap eats in NYC for 2015 
Social Q's: "Should I ask my in-laws to trim down on their extravagant gift-giving?" 
RT @amychozick: Hillary Clinton has stopped laughing at Trump and started to rethink how to respond to him. Story with @maggieNYT 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
RT @NYTNow: The top news, fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 
Americans are deeply fearful of another terrorist attack, lifting Donald Trump in a New York Times/CBS poll 
A new computer program outperformed humans in identifying handwritten characters based on a single example 
Breaking News: Americans’ fear of terrorism is as high as immediately after 9/11, New York Times/CBS News poll finds 
RT @clairecm: Americans are more supportive of working moms, but 1/2 still say women shouldn't work if their husbands earn enough: 
A 3,300-pound crystal snowflake? A Christmas tree full of antlers? Find them in NYC. 
The crisis of Republican authority 
RT @nytpolitics: Update: We have the audio where Ted Cruz questions Donald Trump’s "judgment" to be president 
We asked readers: What do you think can be done, if anything, to prevent mass shootings? 
Muhammad Ali: Political leaders have a responsibility to foster understanding about Islam 
Two-thirds of voters are frightened about the prospect of a Trump presidency, a new NYT/CBS News poll finds 
RT @nytimestheater: Jennifer Hudson on making her Broadway debut in "The Color Purple," opening tonight 
Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer announces the birth of twin daughters 
RT @michikokakutani: My 2015 year-end Top 10 book list: 
The first litter of puppies ever conceived by IVF were born in July 
The International Olympic Committee wants a new global antidoping system in time for the 2018 Winter Games 
Leib Kelman lit candles on a menorah outside his home in Kensington, Brooklyn (via 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Volkswagen today gave the most detailed explanation yet of the emissions scandal. @JackEwingNYT analyzes it 
Modern Love: "Some astrologers are better at telling your story than others" 
RT @hfairfield: What drives gun sales? Fear of gun restrictions. 
Save the planet. Eat ugly. 
Now LIVE: Watch Hollywood stars fly high on your desktop or fly with them via #nytvr 
Mark Zuckerberg reassures Muslim Facebook users 
RT @nytopinion: Forget Washington. States and localities should pass gun laws that fit their circumstances. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Apple names Periscope the top iPhone app of 2015 
Connecticut Gov. Malloy, on his order to ban those on federal terror lists from buying guns 
9 things every skier should know this winter 
An executive order would make Connecticut the first state to ban people on federal terror lists from buying firearms 
RT @wmcdonaldnyt: An important Islamic voice you may not have heard: Fatema Mernissi, a Founder of Islamic Feminism, Dies at 75 
Breaking News: Connecticut to Ban Gun Sales to Those on Federal Terrorism Lists 
RT @pinkgrammar: Listening to #Serial? Check out @nytgraphics' maps (from 2014) on Bergdahl's disappearance. 
Flight may be Hollywood's most enduring and iconic form of movie magic 
RT @nytopinion: The Trump effect: 
Golden Globes 2016: TV snubs ("Downton Abbey") and surprises ("Mozart in the Jungle") 
RT @NYTMetro: The jury has begun deliberations in the corruption case against Dean Skelos and his son Adam 
Psychiatric drugs are being prescribed to infants 
For the first time in 81 years, Las Vegas bookmakers are taking wagers on the Heisman Trophy 
What new research says about working moms 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Is this Uber driver an employee or contract worker? Or something else? 
Muhammad Ali defends Islam after Donald Trump's remarks 
One of our widely read pieces in 2015: Raw video has thoroughly shaken American policing 
RT @nytimesworld: The top levels of Venezuela’s government have increasingly been split among rival factions 
5-star recipe: Tomato bisque with fresh goat cheese 
RT @NYTmag: TAKE FLIGHT: This year's Great Performers is all about defying gravity. 
RT @NYTScience: Most people who took our climate change quiz scored 3/8 or less. Can you beat their scores? 
"Serial" is back. We talk to "Zero Dark Thirty" writer Mark Boal, who interviewed Bergdhal: 
RT @nytpolitics: Ted Cruz questions Donald Trump’s "judgment" to be president 
What drives gun sales? Fear of restrictions. 
Afghanistan's spy chief, a favorite of American officials, resigns 
RT @nytimesarts: "Carol" leads the Golden Globes with five nominations 
RT @HannaIngber: 30 young men helped Liberia eradicate Ebola by burning bodies. Now, they are shunned by society 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
The new season of #Serial, focusing on Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, is here 
Year in Film: With the Golden Globe nominations out today, here are our critics’ picks for the best movies of 2015 
RT @katierogers: In New York, people are lining up to get into the Museum of Feelings. It's actually a giant ad for scented candles 
“I’m guilty,” the Planned Parenthood suspect shouted in court. “I’m a warrior for the babies.” 
The Trump effect, and how it spreads 
The 2016 Golden Globes nominations are in 
RT @owlese: “These companies are to ethical pharmaceutical companies as a loan shark is to a bank,” says @SenatorCollins 💊💰 
If Donald Trump is worried about extremist public opinion in the U.S., he should look at what the research says 
As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best TV shows of 2015 
As you check out the nominees for the #GoldenGlobes, see what NYT critics picked as the best movies of 2015 
.@NYTmag's Great Performers: We have liftoff! 
Quote of the Day 
#Serial's new subject said that in some sense he wanted to emulate someone like Jason Bourne 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Donald Trump has lashed out at a petition seeking to bar him from entering Britain 
The newest of China's smog worries: Counterfeit masks 
RT @nytpolitics: The possibility of Clinton becoming president is only marginally more palatable to voters than that of Trump 
First Draft: Donald Trump Solidifies His Lead, but Leaves Many Nervous 
Volkswagen announced that its emission cheating wasn't just a one-time error 
Breaking News: 35% of Republicans support Trump in Times/CBS News poll; two-thirds of Americans express concern 
Donald Trump has solidified his lead but leaves many voters nervous, a new poll finds 
Where Katharine Hepburn got her chocolates 
Donald Trump Pushes Back at British Petition to Bar Him 
What drives gun sales? Fear of restrictions. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
The new season of @serial, focused on Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, is here 
The Pentagon wants a string of bases overseas in order to contain ISIS 
RT @nytopinion: SCOTUS take note: campus protests this fall show we need more college diversity, not less. 
Q. and A.: Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, From Captivity to Courtroom 
Using virtual reality, @NYTmag lets you take flight with stars of the silver screen 
“If you want someone to grab a beer with, I may not be that guy,” Ted Cruz said 
VW Says Emissions Cheating Was Not a One-Time Error 
You asked, we answered: What is the significance of elevated diastolic blood pressure if the systolic is normal? 
Delegates at Climate Talks Focus on Saving the World’s Forests 
RT @nytpolitics: John Kerry finds himself in a familiar spot: Trying to coax a deal in meeting’s closing days 
These are the gifts that are sure to be on everyone's wish list this year 
RT @nytimestravel: Looking for charming day trips in Southwest Germany? The @frugaltraveler has some advice: 
Sinosphere: Amid China’s Smog Worries, One More: Counterfeit Masks 
RT @NYTStyles: Want your kids to hold doors for the elderly? Maybe you should send them to chivalry school. 
RT @nytimesworld: Thousands of migrants are stranded in Greece as countries north become more selective. 
RT @NYTmag: Coming soon: Great performers in #nytvr. Get the app here 
The best albums of 2015 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Walmart imports Chinese goods... and exports U.S. jobs, study says 
Fan Injuries Spur M.L.B. to Call for Netting at Stadiums 
A carved stone block upends assumptions about ancient Judaism 
RT @nytimesworld: Indians, hit hard by climate change, closely watch Paris talks 
Your body slows down as you age, your mind seems to do this same. Exercise can keep them both nimble. 
A Life on the Move Molds a U.C.L.A. Basketball Star 
RT @NYTSports: Questions begin after Manchester United is ousted 
Walmart Pay presents a fresh challenge to front-runners in mobile payments business 
Angela Merkel was named Time's Person of the Year. Here's what you need to know about her 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Who might take over Yahoo's core operations? Here are a couple strong candidates. 
The pharmaceutical executive who raised a drug price 5,000% bought the sole copy of the new Wu-Tang Clan album 
RT @nytimesworld: Torture remains entrenched in China's criminal justice system, says a hard-hitting UN paper. 
Walmart Prepares to Enter Mobile Payments Business 
RT @nytimestravel: November's Places to Go reader photo takes us to Glacier National Park in Montana. 
RT @nytimesphoto: A departure point for Syrian migrants off the coast of Turkey. Coming soon: The New York Times Year in Pictures. 
ESPN and College Football Playoff agree not to air daily fantasy ads 
Collectible architecture 
2 men from Afghanistan who were in the U.S. for training at a Georgia air base are missing 
“I now feel ashamed to live in a building associated with such a vile man” 
4 plans compete to authorize military force against the Islamic State 
The NYT obituary for John Trudell, outspoken advocate for American Indians 
FBI chief says Texas gunman used encryption to text overseas terrorist 
"I’m a warrior for the babies," Planned Parenthood shooting suspect shouts in Colorado 
Hate crime inquiry opened into vandalism of Sikh temple in California 
Coming Thursday: The year's best actors — as chosen by @aoscott — take flight in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 
“If you want someone to grab a beer with, I may not be that guy,” Ted Cruz said 
Thomas Friedman on Donald Trump: #You ain’t no American, bro 
You asked, we answered: What is the significance of elevated diastolic blood pressure if the systolic is normal? 
RT @nytopinion: Justice Scalia: black students should go “to a less-advanced school ... where they do well.” 
New timeline raises questions of vetting over San Bernardino attacker’s visa 
The NYT stories that held your attention the longest in 2015 
RT @dougmillsnyt: Israeli President Reuven Rivlin lighting the Hanukkah menorah w/ @POTUS & @FLOTUS in the East Room @IsraelPresident 
Good news for the grumpy: unhappiness doesn't increase your risk of dying 
Resident of Trump Towers in Istanbul: “I now feel ashamed to live in a building associated with such a vile man” 
RT @NYTmag: A Honduran deportee returns to the country that he tried so hard to escape. 
Obama called for Americans to reject bigotry, in an implicit rebuke of Donald Trump 
Teenagers aren't getting enough exercise at school — or anywhere 
A sign saying back off my (green) lawn 
RT @nytopinion: Recent studies show the striking effects of diversity on critical thinking: 
Marco Rubio: the Affordable Care Act's quiet saboteur 
Your body slows down as you age, your mind seems to do this same. Exercise can keep them both nimble. 
What to say to your child when you say "no" to the hoverboard 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Go On and sulk. Unhappiness won't kill you. 
Justice Antonin Scalia seemed hostile to an affirmative action plan at University of Texas 
A departure point for Syrian migrants off the coast of Turkey in January. Coming soon: The @nytimes in Pictures. 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Coming Thursday: Watch as Charlize Theron floats above the skyline in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 
San Bernardino couple spoke of attacks in 2013, FBI says 
Angela Merkel was named Time's Person of the Year. Here's what you need to know about her 
A carved stone block upends assumptions about ancient Judaism 
RT @NYTNow: Wednesday's news fast, in Your Evening Briefing 
Gift ideas for every type of traveler 
Martin Shkreli spent millions of dollars on the only existing copy of a Wu-Tang Clan album 
“I’m guilty,” the Planned Parenthood suspect shouted in court. “I’m a warrior for the babies.” 
C. Gerald Fraser, a former NYT reporter, dies at 90 
RT @NYTimeskrugman: The Banality of Trumpism 
Americans attracted to ISIS find an "echo chamber" on social media 
RT @nytimesworld: Israel holds five Palestinian citizens suspected of supporting the Islamic State. 
RT @NYTScience: Well water or loophole? Owners of green lawns dig a drought work around. 
Robert L. Dear Jr., the Planned Parenthood shooting suspect, was charged with 179 counts 
Street style favorites of 2015, from 
Breaking News: Colorado Shooting Suspect Declares ‘I’m Guilty’ in Court 
Where Katharine Hepburn got her chocolates 
Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump's Muslim ban is harmful to U.S. antiterror efforts 
Coming Thursday: Watch Michael Fassbender take flight in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 
This Hanukkah, you could make a bunch of latkes, or you could make one really big one (via 
Jimmy McMillan, of "Rent Is Too Damn High" fame, is getting out of politics 
Gov. John R. Kasich: "I wouldn’t run for vice president on any ticket" 
Want your kids to hold doors for the elderly? Maybe you should send them to chivalry school. 
Ted Cruz nabs two more endorsements from social conservatives 
The NYT stories that held your attention the longest in 2015 
The best albums of 2015 
The Internet outrage cycle is getting worse, writes @fmanjoo 
Coming Thursday: The year's best actors — as chosen by @aoscott — take flight in @NYTmag's Great Performers series 
SantaCon is fighting for its right to party (responsibly) 
The 25 most-liked @NYTfashion street-style photos of 2015 
The long history of Muslim worship in New York 
Star Wars fans: “Yes, we still have a very long time to wait. No, we’re not crazy.” 
Ted Cruz’s disturbing views on climate change (and other things), from @nytopinion 
The pharmaceutical executive who raised a drug price 5,000% bought the sole copy of the new Wu-Tang Clan album 
Angela Merkel was named Time's Person of the Year. Here's what you need to know about her 
Analysts say the West is dangerously mistaken to think firepower alone can defeat ISIS 
It’s been an eventful year in New York City real estate. Test your memory with this quiz. 
RT @NYTMetro: What do college students have in common with Katharine Hepburn? A love for Mondel Chocolates 
5-star recipe: Tomato bisque with fresh goat cheese 
RT @palafo: Federal authorities are searching for two Afghan Air Force trainees who walked off a base in Georgia 
One of our widely shared stories of 2015: Women and girls have been systematically raped by ISIS fighters 
RT @mattfleg: Ted Cruz knows you probably don’t want to get a beer with him. But he's trying. 
Anxiety grows in Texas with the expected arrival of 21 Syrian refugees 
Breaking News: Couple in San Bernardino rampage discussed an attack as long as two years ago, F.B.I. director says 
A chat with the two young stars of the new @starwars film 
RT @nytpolitics: Bill Gates takes on climate change with nudges and a powerful rolodex. 
"Live Shopping. Fully Loaded." That's the tag line for a new network that aims to be the QVC of guns. 
A penis transplant has never been tried in America. A soldier will soon have the operation. 
RT @NYTScience: What climate change looks like: Mountains with little snow 
RT @NYTmag: To skin a cat, ‘‘go with the grain of the hair ... ’’ 
At least 9,115 people have been killed in Ukraine since April 2014, the UN says 
RT @nytimesworld: U.S. cautious on Iran missile test claim 
What it's like to be deported from the U.S. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Marco Rubio Quietly Undermines Affordable Care Act 
Thai police are investigating the U.S. ambassador there on suspicion of insulting the king 
Condemnation of Donald Trump's proposed ban on Muslim immigrants can’t bridge the divide among Republicans 
U.S. Proposes Doubling Spending on Climate-Change Adaptation 
Quote of the day 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Yahoo abandons its plans to distribute Alibaba stake and will instead spin off its core businesses: 
Defense Prepares to Take Stand in Freddie Gray Case 
Americans attracted to ISIS find an "echo chamber" on social media 
Shala Monroque skips makeup during the day and heads to the sulfur baths 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
You say you loathe @tedcruz? You still might want to vote for him 
A chat with the two young stars of the new @starwars film 
RT @NYTObits: Mariuccia Mandelli, godmother of classic Milanese fashion & inventor of hot pants, has died 
Yahoo to Spin Off Its Core Businesses 
Breaking news: Yahoo will spin off its core businesses and keep its stake in Alibaba 
How a former Burberry executive is bringing ultraluxe to Apple stores 
The idea behind Donald Trump's plan to bar Muslims has deep roots in the U.S. 
Americans who don't buy health insurance face a heftier fine in 2016, an analysis has found 
RT @ScottShaneNYT: My look at the online hothouse where ISIS supporters grow, with @mattapuzzo and @EricSchmittNYT 
The police in Australia raided the home of a man said to be the likely creator of Bitcoin 
They helped erase Ebola in Liberia. Now Liberia is erasing them. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Margaret Atwood is adding another genre to her repertoire: graphic novels 
RT @nytimesworld: Investing in renewable energy is a far bigger opportunity than the I.T. boom, John Kerry said at #INYTEFT 
New York Today: New York Today: A Century of ‘The Voice’ 
What Bill O'Reilly gets wrong about Ronald Reagan 
Marshall Journal: They Helped Erase Ebola in Liberia. Now Liberia Is Erasing Them. 
New York police officer fatally shoots unarmed man after chase into Westchester 
RT @CoralMDavenport: Stocks and ratchets: So hot in Paris @COP21 right now. 
Donald Trump widens lead in New Hampshire, poll shows 
France Identifies 3rd Attacker at Bataclan Concert Hall 
Americans Attracted to ISIS Find an ‘Echo Chamber’ on Social Media 
What Climate Change Looks Like 
RT @tmagazine: 270 kinds of birds, in one gigantic life-sized mural 
Donald Trump’s proposal to bar Muslims reverberates abroad 
RT @nytopinion: The planet's neediest billionaire is aiding our enemies, writes @frankbruni. 
Acute mountain sickness can be serious, and not all remedies are equal 
Officials are scrutinizing Enrique Marquez, who bought the 2 assault rifles used in the San Bernardino attack 
Into the Homestretch of the Paris Climate Talks 
RT @NYTmag: Trudeau's Canada, again 
Australian Police Raid Home of Man Said to Be Likely Creator of Bitcoin 
Trump doesn't need to persuade his supporters to mistrust Muslims. Most already do. 
Americans Who Don’t Buy Health Coverage Face Heftier Fine in ’16, Analysis Finds 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Students in Beijing exercised inside a classroom because smog was too heavy to do so outside 
Number of Boston College students who became ill after eating at a Chipotle grew to 80 
The U.S. women's soccer team refuses to play on turf it calls unsafe. Men only play on sod. 
Scottish designer Jonathan Saunders, whose client list includes Michelle Obama, is stepping down 
Chinese glacier’s retreat signals trouble for Asian water supply 
RT @nytimesworld: Jordan is asked to admit thousands of Syrian refugees stranded in a remote holding area. 
RT @nytimesarts: ‘South Park’ is sketching grander satirical themes this season 
NPR's Diane Rehm announces retirement from long-running talk show 
RT @nytimesworld: A call in Mandarin by ISIS for Muslims to "take up weapons to fight." 
Photographs of the people working in the coal industry in a remote corner of India 
RT @NYTNational: Police chiefs say scrutiny over videos has radically changed their work 
In a testy exchange, Donald Trump interrupts and "Morning Joe" cuts to commercial 
On Hanukkah, why not take the latke road less traveled? 
Walmart’s Imports From China Displaced 400,000 Jobs, a Study Says 
Justin Trudeau sets out to redefine what it means to be Canadian 
Douglas Tompkins, 72, North Face founder, dies in kayaking accident 
A carved stone block upends assumptions about ancient Judaism 
Why is the U.S. more successful than Europe at integrating immigrants into the economy? 
RT @NYTStyles: Meet the man who gave Victoria's Secret​ model Candice Swanepoel her Angel wings. 
RT @comradewong: Vanishing glaciers & Asia water crisis. My report from Mengke Glacier. 
Americans attracted to ISIS find an "echo chamber" on social media 
RT @nytopinion: Donald J. Trump's proposal is awful. But it's not unconstitutional. 
Dow Chemical and DuPont are said to be in merger talks 
Popped quinoa adds texture and flavor, and a bit of “stealth health” to granola 
Officials are scrutinizing Enrique Marquez, who bought the 2 assault rifles used in the San Bernardino attack 
RT @nytopinion: .@BretEastonEllis on a time when you could be opinionated without being called a troll. 
Donald Trump’s proposal to bar Muslims reverberates abroad 
What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 
Star Wars fans: “Yes, we still have a very long time to wait. No, we’re not crazy.” 
RT @nytgraphics: Jihadist Fighters Continue to Flock to Syria and Iraq 
“Hamilton” will have an open-ended production in Chicago starting next fall 
RT @nytimesarts: “South Park” has revitalized itself with an ambitious story about modern disillusionment 
NPR's Diane Rehm announces retirement from long-running talk show 
35th anniversary of John Lennon’s death absorbed online into a debate about gun violence 
Anxiety grows in Texas with the expected arrival of 21 Syrian refugees 
Number of Boston College students who became ill after eating at a Chipotle grew to 80 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Donald Trump’s call to bar Muslims drew condemnation from around the world 
The origins of jihadist-inspired attackers in the U.S. 
RT @NYTSports: Head of US Soccer apologizes for #USWNT cancellation. 'We screwed up. It won't happen again.' 
Douglas Tompkins, 72, North Face founder, dies in kayaking accident 
RT @nytopinion: Another reason to fear Trump's radicalism: it's making his rivals look deceptively reasonable, @frankbruni says. 
For immigrants, America is still more welcoming than Europe 
RT @NYTNow: The news you need, fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 
RT @poniewozik: New: How SOUTH PARK showed it takes an outrageous satire to capture an era of outrage. 
Donald Trump widens lead in New Hampshire, poll shows 
RT @nytimesarts: "Star Wars": The line awakens. 
New York police officer fatally shoots man after a car and foot chase 
RT @nytimesarts: Lighting of the "World's Largest Menorah," and more NYC events. 
Yahoo is expected to abandon its plan to spin off its stake in Alibaba 
NYT theater critics share their picks for the best shows of the year 
The U.S. women's soccer team refuses to play on turf it calls unsafe. Men only play on sod. 
What Bill O'Reilly gets wrong about Ronald Reagan 
RT @nytimesworld: Since April, an ominous cloud has been hanging over Burundi, @gettleman reports. 
Eagles of Death Metal return to Bataclan for first time since Paris attacks 
RT @nytopinion: Candidates reacted bizarrely to Obama’s Sunday speech on the evolving threat posed by ISIS. 
Police chiefs say scrutiny over videos has made their jobs more difficult, far more political and much less secure 
Trump doesn't need to persuade his supporters to mistrust Muslims. Most already do. 
RT @danielle_ivory: US autosafety regulators are overhauling rating system for cars, which has served as a government seal of approval http… Dec 08, 2015 

Did this elite group just play the world’s most scenic pickup pond hockey game? (via 
Pope Francis called for 'God’s mercy' at the start of a yearlong Jubilee 
At U.P., the house that Cronuts built, Dominique Ansel offers multicourse dessert displays 
Queens Muslims to Donald Trump: Come back to the old neighborhood 
Joe Biden's anticorruption message in Ukraine is undermined by his son's business connections 
RT @nytfood: As his 80th birthday approaches, @jacques_pepin shares his food memories 
Justin Trudeau sets out to redefine what it means to be Canadian 
RT @nytimesworld: .@CoralMDavenport & @JustinHGillis answer your questions about #COP21 and climate change 
Donald Trump defends his call to bar Muslims, citing Roosevelt's actions during World War II as precedent 
Pursuing gender equality as a competitive advantage 
A look at how Beijing residents are documenting the smog in China 
RT @nytimesworld: ISIS has two contradictory goals: Goading the U.S. into a ground war and running a state, says one analyst 
It’s been an eventful year in New York City real estate. Test your memory with this quiz. 
RT @adamliptak: Today at Supreme Court: the meaning of "one person, one vote" 
The U.S. women's soccer team has had enough, refusing to play on dangerous artificial turf 
RT @NYTArchives: On this day 35 years ago, John Lennon was killed outside his apartment building—he was 40. 
One of our most popular pieces of 2015: A quick puzzle to test your problem solving 
RT @MichaelPaulson: Just posted: @HamiltonMusical will begin open-ended production in Chicago next fall 
A billionaire European family is on a caffeine-fueled binge to roll up the coffee industry 
RT @nytimesworld: .@rcallimachi explains how ISIS wants to drag the U.S. and its allies into a ground war to hasten the apocalypse 
You probably own a stake in a gun manufacturer, whether you know it or not, @andrewrsorkin writes 
RT @magiorNYT: Follow coverage of #COP21 and of @INYTEnergy at our Paris Climate Talks page. 
A new frontier for the American West, on the outskirts of Beijing 
RT @poniewozik: Why "Transparent" is the "The Wire" of family dramedy. 
‘Live Shopping. Fully Loaded.’ That’s the tag line for a new network that aims to be the QVC of guns 
RT @nytimesworld: Eagles of Death Metal return to Bataclan for first time since Paris attacks 
In a testy exchange, Donald Trump interrupts and "Morning Joe" cuts to commercial 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
RT @monicadavey1: Another police video emerges in Chicago. This time, Mayor Rahm Emanuel issues critique. Via @MitchKSmith 
What if going viral matters more than Iowa? 
We claim no responsibility for what might happen if you’re reading this tweet while walking 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Morning rush hour in Taipei, Taiwan, where the scooter is the vehicle of choice 
RT @nytpolitics: Our latest fact check looks at a comment Donald Trump made in citing a poll about Muslims 
On Hanukkah, why not take the latke road less traveled? 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Janet Wolfe, a longtime personality in the @NewYorker's "Talk of the Town" columns, has died 
Donald Trump has responded to the outcry over his call to ban Muslims from the U.S. 
Fact Check: Trump Cites Poll of Muslim Americans 
Beijing has closed schools and limited traffic as it operates under a red alert for smog 
His last year looming, @BarackObama's approval rating is stuck in the middle 
RT @NYTNational: Meet Pvt. Harold G. Moss through his letters home, from Pearl Harbor to Okinawa 
The Supreme Court is set to hear arguments on Tuesday on "one person, one vote" 
RT @nytimesarts: Sofia Coppola’s muse? Bill Murray, of course 
How to spend 36 hours in Oakland, California 
RT @nytimesbusiness: You may not own a gun, but chances are you're part owner of a gun maker. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
New York Today: New York Today: Winter Warmth 
The Democrats have begun fund-raising efforts after Donald Trump called for a ban on Muslims 
RT @nytimestravel: A multigenerational trip to Tokyo city delights and confounds: 
Oscar Pistorius has been granted bail ahead of being sentenced for killing his girlfriend 
How exercise helps rewire the brain 
Oscar Pistorius Granted Bail Ahead of Sentencing 
Donald Trump’s rivals condemn his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. 
Rutgers’s Move to Big Ten Brings Athletic Scandals and Firings 
RT @NYTScience: Why does a person who lost weight always feel cold? 
The Supreme Court has refused to hear a challenge to an assault weapons ban in Illinois 
Shipping is something of an invisible industry to the public. And out of sight can be out of mind for emissions 
RT @nytopinion: Why "good guys" with guns won't keep us safe: 
Beijing's first-ever red alert for heavy smog is causing anger and confusion in China 
Oscar Pistorius Granted Bail Following Murder Conviction 
RT @nytvideo: David Vetter died at 12 having lived his short life entirely in a plastic bubble 
RT @nytimesworld: David Cameron praises stabbing witness who told attacker, "You ain't no Muslim, bruv." 
Marine Le Pen and the National Front Get a Boost in French Regional Elections 
RT @NYTScience: Solving a mystery that left Aristotle wondering. 
RT @nytimesarts: Is this a long-lost Leonardo masterpiece, or the work of a notorious forger? 
Taming Carbon Emissions From the ‘Invisible’ Shipping Industry 
RT @nytimesworld: Blue-whale-size point is made in Paris on threatened species 
Russia gives France a puppy to replace police dog killed in Paris raid 
RT @NYTSports: Here are the best Champions League games to watch this week: 
Jon Stewart Returns to ‘The Daily Show’ for Zadroga Act 
"Owning books in the home is one of the best things you can do for your children academically." 
RT @nytopinion: Marine Le Pen is reaping the political fruits of fear in France 
RT @nytimesworld: Tashfeen Malik studied at a university in Pakistan. @declanwalsh spoke with teachers there: 
Japan Economy Grows, Avoiding a Recession 
RT @nytimesworld: Venezuela faces big challenges for a delicate winning alliance 
Sinosphere: Beijing’s Red Alert for Smog Rekindles Anger and Confusion 
Yale lecturer, whose email on Halloween costumes helped touch off racial protests, resigns 
RT @nytimesworld: ISIS urges an apocalyptic war with the West so that Islam prevails, says prophetic texts 
The best TV shows of 2015 
Attacks show how ISIS inspires terror 
RT @nytpolitics: At a rally Trump drew cheers as he outlined his idea for a ban on Muslims entering the US 
RT @nytimesworld: Beijing issues red alert over air pollution for the first time. 
Reds’ Aroldis Chapman Named in Domestic Violence Inquiry 
The San Bernardino shooters had long been radicalized and had been practicing their aim at a target range 
RT @nytimesworld: Terrorists mock Silicon Valley's efforts to crack down on use of social media. 
Albuquerque, Revising Approach Toward the Homeless, Offers Them Jobs 
The airport tower as art. Photos: 
The enduring appeal of roasted chicken provençal 
RT @nytopinion: Los Angeles is home to the largest Iranian diaspora in the world. Welcome to Tehrangeles. 
Contradictory accounts from Pakistan and Saudi Arabia raise questions about where Tashfeen Malik grew up 
U.S. will add a third level to warnings of terrorism 
RT @nytimesarts: Here are the best TV shows of 2015 
How an effort to close loopholes in California’s assault weapons law was thwarted 
RT @NYT4thDownBot: If the Cowboys win tonight, details on how they can make the playoffs (nonfiction): 
U.S. strategy seeks to avoid ISIS prophecy 
Harvard Law Review has long claimed credit for creating The Bluebook, but an article says idea originated at Yale 
Tashfeen Malik attended conservative religious school in Pakistan 
RT @nytpolitics: Dick Cheney criticizes Donald Trump’s Muslim policy 
How exercise helps rewire the brain 
Gifts for the home at every price point 
Bono welcomed the Eagles of Death Metal to perform with U2 on Paris stage 
RT @NYTSports: In a rare move, Cuba will allow a defector into the country during an MLB tour 
RT @rcallimachi: To everyone who re-Tweeted me last night, a sincere "Thanks." Here's the story I wrote fleshing out the main points: 
Donald Trump’s rivals condemn his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. 
RT @tmagazine: A bookshop where everything is recommended 
Russia gives France a puppy to replace police dog killed in Paris raid 
France's Marine Le Pen, the leader of the far right, gets a boost in regional elections 
Yale lecturer, whose email on Halloween costumes helped touch off racial protests, resigns 
Chipotle shares take another hit after Boston College athletes fall ill 
RT @nytimesarts: "I’m gonna win the Grammy for best party." - @diplo 
Classic photos of the original Penn Station in the 1950s 
Why "good guys" with guns won’t keep us safe 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
RT @NYTFashion: Meet the Hong Kong jeweler behind the creation of what has been called the world’s most expensive diamond necklace 
Obama’s call for preventing terrorism suspects from getting guns puts Republican presidential candidates on the spot 
RT @NYTNow: Need the news fast? Your Evening Briefing is ready. 
On the 2015 list of Twitter's top tweets: Terror attacks, same-sex marriage, a boy’s clock, One Direction’s breakup 
RT @michikokakutani: My review of "This Old Man," charming collection of essays & portraits by New Yorker magazine veteran Roger Angell: ht… Dec 07, 2015 

How the page 1 editorial on the gun epidemic came together 
RT @nytpolitics: Donald Trump’s Republican rivals condemn his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. 
The Eagles of Death Metal returned to Paris on Monday night, playing with U2 
RT @nytopinion: High-impact contact sports, like football, can cause brain damage. They are not for kids. 
RT @diantha: Read one of Pvt. Harold Moss's letters from the Pacific; you'll want to read them all 
Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift and the Weeknd are the top contenders for the Grammy Awards 
RT @nytpolitics: Over the weekend, we examined Donald Trump's recent rhetoric to understand the power of his words (95,000 of them) 
RT @NYTScience: DNA could store all of the world’s digital information in roughly nine liters of solution 
Donald Trump has called for the US to bar all Muslims from entering the country for now 
Breaking News: Donald J. Trump has called for the U.S. to bar all Muslims from entering the country for now 
"Owning books in the home is one of the best things you can do for your children academically." 
RT @nytpolitics: Donald Trump calls for banning Muslims from entering U.S. 
The Supreme Court has refused to hear a challenge to an assault weapons ban in Illinois 
Green Monday Sale: Enjoy 25% off and free shipping. Shop The NYT Store gift guide now. 
The first snow of the season as seen from Schloss HohenTübingen castle in Germany (via 
Attacks show how ISIS inspires terror 
The San Bernardino shooters had long been radicalized and had been practicing their aim at a target range 
Obama’s call for preventing terrorism suspects from getting guns puts Republican presidential candidates on the spot 
Breaking News: The couple in the San Bernardino rampage had long been radicalized, the F.B.I. said 
5-star recipe: Tomato bisque with fresh goat cheese 
RT @NYTNational: Freddie Gray’s death wouldn't have been ruled a homicide if he'd been taken to a hospital 
What’s the best book, new or old, you read this year? Our columnists weigh in. 
A look a the conservative religious school that Tashfeen Malik attended in Pakistan 
Google’s Eric Schmidt on how to build a better web 
RT @UpshotNYT: Why the animosity directed at the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative? @jbarro walks you through the tax law. 
Greenhouse emissions rose only slightly in 2014 and appear to be on track to decline in 2015 
RT @nytgraphics: The Origins of Jihadist-Inspired Attackers in the U.S. 
RT @JustinHGillis: Is the period of rapid growth in greenhouse emissions finally over? 
RT @nytpolitics: Leaving Boehner's smoke-filled rooms behind, Paul Ryan adopts an inclusive style as speaker 
A Canadian Christmas tree vendor has become a fixture on the Upper West Side, where he provides “holiday happiness” 
Albuquerque, revising its approach toward the homeless, offers them jobs 
RT @nytimesarts: Holly Woodlawn, Transgender Star of 1970s Underground Films, Dies at 69 
A Chicago police officer will face no charges in the shooting death of a 25-year-old black man named Ronald Johnson 
Hillary Clinton urges Silicon Valley to "disrupt" ISIS, "the most effective recruiter in the world" 
RT @NYTNational: San Bernardino County Offices Reopen After Shooting 
Here are 7 simple guidelines for reducing your carbon footprint, from @UpshotNYT 
Women who were overweight at 18 are at increased risk for sudden death, no matter what their current weight is 
RT @nytpolitics: Ted Cruz tops Donald Trump in a new Iowa poll 
The number of cases of dengue fever in Hawaii rose this week. "Dengue outbreaks are extremely hard to control.” 
We claim no responsibility for what might happen if you’re reading this tweet while walking 
One of our most popular Op-Eds of 2015: Medicating women's feelings 
Quote of the Day: 
The Supreme Court has refused to hear a challenge to an assault weapons ban in Illinois 
RT @nytimesbusiness: As our screens have shrunk, online advertisements have grown ever more annoying 
Harvard has long claimed credit for creating The Bluebook, but Yale librarians say it originated in New Haven 
On the 2015 list of Twitter's top tweets: Terror attacks, same-sex marriage, a boy’s clock, One Direction’s breakup 
Beijing issues a red alert over air pollution for the first time. Residents brace for “airpocalypse.” 
RT @nytimesarts: Damon Lindelof discusses ‘The Leftovers’ finale and the show’s future 
RT @nytopinion: President Obama is right to caution against the risk of further alienating Muslims: 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Banks have mounted a quiet campaign to muscle Fannie and Freddie out of the mortgage market 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
RT @NYTArchives: A Date Which Will Live in Infamy: Pearl Harbor is attacked, this day in 1941. 
Hillary Clinton on how she'd "rein in" Wall Street 
During a rare Oval Office address, Obama said that his administration is ahead of the problems posed by ISIS 
Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift and the Weeknd are the top contenders for the Grammy Awards 
Marco Rubio has abruptly changed the course of his campaign to zero in on Ted Cruz 
RT @nytimesarts: Marc Porter to Leave Christie’s for Its Archrival, Sotheby’s 
"Owning books in the home is one of the best things you can do for your children academically." 
Tashfeen Malik's relatives believe she developed radical beliefs after she moved to Saudi Arabia 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
A behind-the-scenes look at the effort to take down Fannie and Freddie 
"I love the B-52. But the fact that this is still flying is really insane." 
Special Report: Wall St. is using Washington’s revolving door to try to take mortgages away from Fannie and Freddie 
For 5 nights, this decommissioned rail line in NYC became home to a hidden speakeasy 
Obama urged Americans not to give in to fear or language that casts suspicion on all Muslims 
Why colleges' mandatory meal plans have become a political issue, both on campus and off 
“If you love liberty, then Paris is your hometown.” — Bono, U2's frontman 
After 16 children were killed in Scotland, the government banned private ownership of automatic weapons and handguns 
Former President Jimmy Carter says he is free of cancer 
A penis transplant has never been tried in America. A soldier will soon have the operation. 
Republicans attack President Obama’s address on terrorism 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 
Here is a transcript of President Obama's Oval Office speech: 
New York Today: New York Today: Reconsidering Gun Laws 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Can't turn away from your app? That's by design — a phenomenon known as the network effect 
At the Talks: The Important Question to Be Resolved 
The last Dalai Lama? 
Despite Push for Cleaner Cars, Sheer Numbers Could Work Against Climate Benefits 
News Analysis: Obama’s Speech on Terrorist Threat Is a Plea for Patience and National Unity 
Bob Ross and "The Joy of Painting" have found a second life online 
General Electric Calls Off Sale of Appliance Unit to Electrolux 
A Revolving Door Helps Big Banks’ Quiet Campaign to Muscle Out Fannie and Freddie 
RT @UpshotNYT: What are the odds of a gun homicide in other countries? Some very surprising comparisons. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Shielded from the camera, workers spend conference calls doing just about anything else 
Marriages may not be forever, but our obsession with diamonds is 
Gun homicides in ____ are about as common as deaths from ____ in the U.S. 
Salaries of private college presidents continue to rise, survey finds 
The peculiar ascent of Bill Murray to pop icon 
The Affair: ‘The Affair’ Season 2, Episode 10: A Sick Bad Guy 
Six screenwriters, including @amyschumer, who are leaving their mark on Hollywood 
Venezuela’s President Concedes Defeat 
"I've just become green — I can't wear any other color." 
Shooting "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 2" was "the hardest workout" he'd ever had 
RT @nytopinion: We must eliminate large categories of weapons and ammunition in the U.S.: 
To make "Master of None" feel authentic, @AzizAnsari & Alan Yang filmed where they hang out 
Obama urged people not to give in to fear or language that casts suspicion on all Muslims 
Holly Woodlawn, Transgender Star of 1970s Underground Films, Dies at 69 
Long overshadowed by San Francisco, Oakland is its own town 
You asked, we answered: Will reducing meat in my diet really help the climate? 
"For me, whiteness is not an identity but a moral problem." 
The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart. It's the work of a 15-year-old in Ohio. 
Opposition Gains a Rare Victory in Venezuelan Election 
Comedian Jim Gaffigan on how to travel with 5 kids 
Twitter responds to a knife attack in a London subway station with #YouAintNoMuslimBruv 
Tashfeen Malik remains largely a mystery to her relatives in Pakistan, who have responded to her actions with shock 
“It is our responsibility to reject religious tests on who we admit into this country." 
U2 Returns to Paris for Concert Called Off After Terrorist Attacks 
This week on "The Affair," as usual, we were reminded of just how hard it is being Alison 
President Obama's Oval Office speech Transcript: 
"Homeland" recap: Carrie has a new friend, which is a nice surprise. (Spoilers ahead.) 
Mayoral Race in Maine Could Help Define City’s Future Amid Demographic Shift 
The president of Liberty University urges students to get gun permits, saying "we could end those Muslims" 
This week on "The Leftovers," the message is: Nobody does it alone. (Spoilers ahead.) 
Republicans attack President Obama’s address on terrorism 
Why would an 82-year-old man kill his son, his daughter, his wife and himself? 
What investigators know about the San Bernardino shooting 
"Mark Zuckerberg did not donate $45 billion to charity. You may have heard that, but that was wrong" —@eisingerj 
Tashfeen Malik's relatives believe she developed radical beliefs after she moved to Saudi Arabia 
Here is a transcript of President Obama's Oval Office speech: 
President Obama says of terrorist threat: "We will overcome it" 
Obama urged Americans not to give in to fear or resort to discrimination against Muslims 
Obama repeated his call for a more intense effort by the coalition to counter the Islamic State on the ground 
Speaking from the Oval Office, President Obama says of terror threat: "We will overcome it." 
“The threat from terrorism is real, but we will overcome it,” said President Obama in an Oval Office address 
Breaking News: President Obama, seeking to reassure a nation on edge, vowed to defeat the Islamic State 
RT @maggieNYT: "We should not be drawn once more into a long and costly ground war" in Iraq and Syria, Obama says. Dec 07, 2015 

RT @nytpolitics: President Obama from Oval Office: "The threat from terrorism is real, but we will overcome it." Says the United States wil… Dec 07, 2015 

We will be live-streaming President Obama’s speech from the Oval Office. Watch: 
When President Obama addresses the nation tonight, it will be only the 3rd time he has done so from the Oval Office 
News Analysis: Trust and Money at Core of Crucial Paris Talks on Climate Change 
The close ties between exercise and beer 
A dad may pass on more than just genes in his sperm, a study suggests 
"I love the B-52. But the fact that this is still flying is really insane." 
Amy Poehler and Tina Fey: "They’re like 'Lean In,' but funny" 
And so "America's Next Top Model" has come to an end, after 289 episodes, 22 seasons and 12 years 
France’s Far-Right National Front Gains in Regional Elections 
Retro Report: ‘The Boy in the Bubble’ Moved a World He Couldn’t Touch 
Within the next year, a U.S. soldier with a horrific war injury will have a penis transplant 
The mass shooting in San Bernardino has the U.S. rethinking strategy on homegrown terror 
When President Obama addresses the nation tonight, it will be only the 3rd time he has done so from the Oval Office 
An investigation into the patterns and practices of the Chicago police could be announced as early as this week 
Breaking News: Justice Dept. is expected to investigate the Chicago police after the killing of a black teenager 
RT @nytimesarts: Seeking a holiday special for the disillusioned and dejected? Look no further. 
Hillary Clinton urges Silicon Valley to "disrupt" ISIS, "the most effective recruiter in the world" 
NFL Week 13 had huge playoff implications. Seahawks and Jets fans should be pleased. 
A chocolate coconut cake that only improves overnight 
RT @nytopinion: America needs a national slavery monument: 
RT @nytopinion: How giving with feeling has benefits for the philanthropist, too. Essay by @zakijam: 
He wanted to find a space big enough to watch "Star Wars" with his son, as his own father shared it with him in 1977 
RT @palafo: #YouAintNoMuslimBruv trend: Response to London Attack Inspires Hashtag 
RT @nytpolitics: We analyzed Trump's words: He repeats divisive phrases, harsh words and violent imagery that presidents rarely use 
“How can he leave his only child, you know? And how could the mother do this?” asked Syed Rizwan Farook's sister 
RT @NYTMetro: In 1970, a group of Vietnam War protesters tried to blow up NYU's most expensive computer 
Former President Jimmy Carter says he is free of cancer 
100 miles, 10 days, 3 countries and a lot of cheese 
RT @NYTHealth: Genital injuries are a silent war wound for hundreds of men. That’s why doctors will soon attempt a penis transplant 
"I love the B-52. But the fact that this is still flying is really insane." 
After 16 children were killed in Scotland, the government banned private ownership of automatic weapons and handguns 
For 5 nights, this decommissioned rail line in NYC became home to a hidden speakeasy 
What investigators know about the San Bernardino shooting 
Marco Rubio has abruptly changed the course of his campaign to zero in on Ted Cruz 
RT @NYTArchives: 1964: “Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer” airs. NYT called it a “charming and tuneful fantasy.”
Fathering a child could soon be possible for an American soldier with a horrific war injury 
A rattled community struggles to process the San Bernardino attack 
RT @npfandos: President Obama will seek to reassure the nation on terrorism fight in his address tonight, Loretta Lynch said. 
The president of Liberty University urges students to get gun permits, saying "we could end those Muslims" 
RT @NYTSports: The four expected teams made the College Football Playoff, but Michigan State jumped Oklahoma in the seeding. 
Jimmy Carter's grandson says tests show the former president is cancer-free 
The toll of Chinese imports on Nigerian manufacturing is fanning worries about Boko Haram 
The College Football Playoff picture: Orange Bowl: Clemson vs. Oklahoma Cotton Bowl: Alabama vs. Michigan State 
Why colleges' mandatory meal plans have become a political issue, both on campus and off 
RT @nytimesworld: See the video that inspired #YouAintNoMuslimBruv 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Penis transplants will be offered to wounded veterans 
This raspberry rose rugelach recipe goes a bit rogue with the fillings 
One of our widely shared stories of 2015: The radical vision of author Toni Morrison 
RT @adamnagourney: “Everyone started running. Many made it, many did not.” A NYT report: Inside the terrorist attack in San Bernardino. htt… Dec 06, 2015 

A penis transplant has never been tried in America. A soldier will soon have the operation. 
Twitter responds to a knife attack in a London subway station with #YouAintNoMuslimBruv 
100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 
To tackle a threat, politicians should look at guns, @NickKristof says 
How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? 5 questions to test your math skills. 
Tashfeen Malik remains largely a mystery to her relatives in Pakistan, who have responded to her actions with shock 
How a conservative-led Australia ended mass killings 
Quote of the Day 
RT @nytpolitics: The president of Liberty University urged students to get gun permits. 
The mass shooting in San Bernardino has the U.S. rethinking strategy on homegrown terror 
The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart. It's the work of a 15-year-old in Ohio. 
To understand the unusual power of Donald Trump’s words, we analyzed 95,000 of them 
Your guide to the 5 biggest shopping malls in America 
"Mark Zuckerberg did not donate $45 billion to charity. You may have heard that, but that was wrong" —@eisingerj 
The 2016 Pirelli calendar is a page-turner for different reasons 
San Bernardino shooting suspect's sister says she saw no warning: “It’s the very opposite of what we were taught” 
You know it's Christmastime in Romania when drunk bears dance in your living room 
RT @NYTMetro: The Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan has a new name — a change that has upset the Roosevelts. 
End the gun epidemic in America 
Modern Love: Is there a doctor in the marriage? 
College Football Playoff: Final Four Seems Set 
How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? 5 questions to test your math skills. 
Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 
RT @amychozick: Read the remarkable findings of @patrickhealynyt and @maggieNYT's analysis of Donald Trump's 95,000 recent words 
A mass shooting at a primary school in Scotland led to stricter gun laws the following year 
RT @NYTFashion: The hairdresser Maury Hopson is everybody’s best friend. 
Meal Plan Costs Tick Upward as Students Pay for More Than Food 
Are you dealing with the out-of-shows blues? You are not alone. 
RT @NYTmag: A call for more "resilience" has become a cleverly coded way to shame those speaking out against injustices. 
RT @nytfood: The perfect savory cocktail bite 
Bob Ross and "The Joy of Painting" have found a second life online 
RT @NYTScience: Why does yawning cause your eyes to tear? Here's the explanation: 
Your Weekend Briefing: San Bernardino, Gun Debate, Zack Greinke 
“How can he leave his only child, you know? And how could the mother do this?” asked Syed Rizwan Farook's sister 
Kate Hudson hasn’t made a hit movie in years. Does it matter? Not so much. 
He was a Purdue football coach who advocated for college athletes’ rights. That may have cost him his job. 
A photographer explores the relationship between humans and animals. It's complicated. 
Melvin Williams, an inspiration for "The Wire," died on Thursday in Baltimore. He was 73. 
Modern Love: Is There a Doctor in the Marriage? 
You asked, @nytimeswell answered: Is tooth polishing necessary? 
“I’ve just become green — I can’t wear any other color." 
A neurotic's guide to small talk 
An art world mystery worthy of Leonardo da Vinci 
Six screenwriters, including @amyschumer, who are leaving their mark on Hollywood 
The bold idea behind a small Brooklyn school 
"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" —Bono, on ISIS 
RT @gettleman: ``Burundi’s war, if anything, is a dirty war.'' The dynamics driving the violence and fear in Burundi. 
How Ryan Seacrest became the mogul next door 
RT @nytimesworld: Cuba and U.S. to discuss settling claims on property. 
RT @NYTScience: What climate change looks like: Bleaching coral 
Officials: Blast Kills Governor of Yemen's Aden, 6 Guards 
RT @NYTmag: On Whiteness: Reckoning with what is owed — and what can't be repaid — for racial privilege. 
RT @jeremybmerrill: What makes the way Donald Trump talks so distinctive -- and so prone to insults and aggrandizing? 
Michigan State 16, Iowa 13: Spartans Take Big Ten Title by an Arm’s Length 
Urgent prayers and panic amid gunfire: Survivors of the San Bernardino attack recall a day of terror 
Muslims in America condemn extremists and fear anew for their lives 
Shooting "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 2" was "the hardest workout" he'd ever had 
To make "Master of None" feel authentic, @AzizAnsari & Alan Yang filmed where they hang out 
And so "America's Next Top Model" has come to an end, after 289 episodes, 22 seasons and 12 years 
RT @RebeccaRuiz: How Switzerland's privacy laws have come into play in the US' #FIFA corruption case, keeping info. out of reach: 
RT @nytopinion: End the gun epidemic. We must drastically reduce the number of firearms in the U.S.: 
Roundup: Cooking: ‘Asian-American,’ ‘Women Chefs of New York’ and More 
President of Liberty University Urges Students to Get Gun Permits 
No, Donald Trump won't win 
A plush Zurich hotel is becoming as well known for FIFA raids as it is for its hospitality 
Amy calls Tina Betty. Tina Fey: “And I would also like for The Times to call me Betty." 
Despite the litany of social ills and troubles — or maybe because of them — Nigeria has never laughed harder 
The peculiar ascent of Bill Murray to pop icon 
RT @NYTSports: The Crimson Tide proved to be too much for Florida in the SEC championship game. 
Syed Rizwan Farook's sister said she intends to adopt his 6-month-old daughter 
The 10 best books of 2015 
RT @NYTSports: Billy Wagner has a strong case for the Hall of Fame ballot, @TylerKepner explains 
Tashfeen Malik, Suspect in California Attack, Remains Mystery to Relatives 
There have been no mass killings in Australia since the nation tightened its gun control laws almost 20 years ago 
Knife Attack in London Subway Called ‘Terrorist Incident’ 
Tashfeen Malik passed 2 rounds of criminal and national security background checks to obtain a “fiancé visa” 
He wants people to feel climate change, rather than just understand it 
Jeb Bush’s Team Tries to Soothe Donor Concerns 
Taliban Releases Audio Purported to Be of Their Leader 
In the wake of recent mass shootings, many Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition 
RT @nytimesworld: In Venezuela's elections, loyalty for the government is slipping. @willieneuman 
These are the gifts that are sure to be on everyone's wish list this year 
You know it's Christmastime in Romania when drunk bears dance in your living room 
“How can he leave his only child, you know? And how could the mother do this?” asked Syed Rizwan Farook's sister 
“It was unspeakable the carnage that we were seeing." Survivors of the San Bernardino attack recall a day of terror. 
Chuck Williams, Entrepreneur Who Made Kitchenware Stylish, Dies at 100 
Alabama Wraps Up Playoff Spot With Victory Over Florida in SEC Title Game 
After 16 children were killed in Scotland, the government banned private ownership of automatic weapons and handguns 
RT @maggieNYT: Trump uses "we" to cleave the crowds to him - they are winners because they like him 
California Attack Has U.S. Rethinking Strategy on Homegrown Terror 
RT @patrickhealynyt: To understand @realDonaldTrump, @maggieNYT & I analyzed his every word this week--95,000 of em. Here's what we found h… Dec 06, 2015 

Breaking News: Obama will address the nation Sunday on the California attacks and the broader threat of terrorism 
You asked, we answered: Will reducing meat in my diet really help the climate? 
RT @nytopinion: We must eliminate large categories of weapons and ammunition in the U.S.: 
Miami Beach Police Shoot and Kill Bank Robbery Suspect 
Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 
RT @NYTFashion: Why America's Next Top Model may have been the most successful fashion TV show ever made. 
RT @adamnagourney: "Please, Lord: Help us." Inside the Inland Regional Center: The story of the terrorist attack that left 14 dead. 
Modern Love: "I wanted to support him ... but I couldn't help feeling that his work and I were in competition" 
Scott Weiland was a rock singer precisely of his time 
This Hanukkah, why not take the latke road less traveled? 
He was bashed after raising the price of a drug from $13.50 to $750 a pill overnight. But he's still smiling. 
Marriages may not be forever, but our obsession with diamonds is 
Republican presidential candidates seize on California attack as proof of terror threat 
A chocolate coconut cake that only improves overnight 
The last Dalai Lama? 
RT @nytpolitics: A president's voice is typically dignified. If elected, Donald Trump could change that. 
Hanging out with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler is just as delightful as you'd imagine 
In the wake of recent mass shootings, many Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition 
RT @nytopinion: Let's be clear: these shooting sprees are each, in their own ways, acts of terrorism. 
Comedian Jim Gaffigan on how to travel with 5 kids 
RT @NYTSports: It's good to just be OK in the NFL this season. Only 7 of the 32 teams are 7-4 or better. 
A selection of creative gifts for kids up to age 12 
ISIS claims its followers carried out the San Bernardino attack 
In Scotland, unlike America, a mass shooting led to stricter gun laws 
RT @nytpolitics: Ted Cruz vows to ‘kill the terrorists’ in ad timed to big football game 
Tashfeen Malik passed 2 rounds of criminal and national security background checks to obtain a “fiancé visa” 
"For me, whiteness is not an identity but a moral problem." 
Are you dealing with the out-of-shows blues? You are not alone. 
To understand the unusual power of Donald Trump’s words, we analyzed 95,000 of them 
“It was unspeakable the carnage that we were seeing." Survivors of the San Bernardino attack recall a day of terror. 
End the gun epidemic in America 
Senate Republicans finally fulfilled their quest to pass legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act. What's next? 
He was bashed after raising the price of a drug from $13.50 to $750 a pill overnight. But he's still smiling. 
How to spend 36 hours in Oakland, California 
Despite the litany of social ills and troubles — or maybe because of them — Nigeria has never laughed harder 
The FBI is now treating the San Bernardino shooting as an act of terrorism 
Melvin Williams, an inspiration for "The Wire," died on Thursday in Baltimore. He was 73. 
A father may pass on more than just his genes in his sperm, a study suggests 
End the gun epidemic in America 
One of our favorite pieces of 2015: A virtual tour that lets you peek inside the Whitney 
This raspberry rose rugelach recipe goes a bit rogue with the fillings 
RT @nytpolitics: At Donald Trump rally in North Carolina, the protesters just keep coming 
RT @NYTSports: Conference championships will be decided today. Here are the best games to watch. 
Kate Hudson hasn’t made a hit movie in years. Does it matter? Not so much. 
President Obama calls for stronger gun laws 
Quote of the Day 
RT @nytimesworld: Justin Trudeau’s sweeping agenda outlined in address. 
A Hanukkah treat with a sweet reminder of Sicily 
On Tether to Fossil Fuels, Nations Speak With Money 
How mass shooters got their guns 
They all won "America's Next Top Model." Where are they now? 
End the gun epidemic in America 
Thinking about chowder? Warm up with this Iberian-inspired soup. 
The bold idea behind a small Brooklyn school 
In other countries, you're as likely to be killed by a falling object as by a gun 
He was a Purdue football coach who advocated for college athletes’ rights. That may have cost him his job. 
It's the kind of school that Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan may support with their charitable spending 
Lost in the Magic of London’s Theaters 
It's time to end the gun epidemic, the Editorial Board writes in a front-page statement 
A neurotic's guide to small talk 
Nigeria’s Comics Pull Punch Lines From Deeper Social Ills 
Tashfeen Malik passed 2 rounds of criminal and national security background checks to obtain a “fiancé visa” 
Your guide to the 5 biggest shopping malls in America 
Obama Calls for Stronger Gun Laws After California Shooting 
No, Donald Trump won't win 
You asked, @nytimeswell answered: Is tooth polishing necessary? 
The front page of The New York Times for Saturday, Dec. 5. 
A photographer explores the relationship between humans and animals. It's complicated. 
RT @nytpolitics: Republicans finally have their vote to repeal Obamacare. Now what? @herszenhorn 
RT @nytopinion: Why do we struggle to sympathize with large numbers of victims? 
Punishments were swift after he shared a meme juxtaposing Gollum with Recep Tayyip Erdogan 
An art world mystery worthy of Leonardo da Vinci 
The FBI is now treating the San Bernardino shooting by a husband and wife as an act of terrorism 
Russian truckers, irate over new tolls, are blocking roads near Moscow 
RT @nytimesarts: ‘The Wiz Live!’ Scores Strong Ratings 
How Ryan Seacrest became the mogul next door 
Barnes & Noble wants to become more than books 
The 10 best books of 2015 
RT @NYTStyles: Which city has adopted the lowrider scene with the most swag? Tokyo, São Paulo, Jakarta? 
RT @nytopinion: After the San Bernardino massacre, GOP candidates’ silence on gun policy speaks volumes 
RT @nytimesworld: An environmental message, from and on the Vatican 
Mount Sinai Sheds Roosevelt Name as Hospital Moves On 
Scott Weiland was a rock singer precisely of his time 
RT @nytimesphoto: Christmas preparations at the White House — and more from the week in political photos 
RT @nytimesarts: Shanice Williams on her road to Dorothy and #TheWizLive 
A firebomb attack on a Cairo nightclub killed at least 16 people 
They all won "America's Next Top Model." Where are they now? 
Is Gollum Good or Evil? Jail Term in Turkey Hinges on Answer 
Being killed with a gun in Japan is about as likely as being killed by a lightning strike in the U.S. 
First Draft: At Donald Trump Rally in North Carolina, the Protesters Just Keep Coming 
RT @nytopinion: Politicians offer prayers but reject the most basic restrictions on weapons of mass killing: 
Tashfeen Malik, the woman who helped carry out the San Bernardino shooting, had pledged allegiance to ISIS 
RT @nytimesarts: Stars pay tribute to Frank Sinatra. Our review: 
The landlord of the house rented by the San Bernardino shooting suspects invited journalists inside 
RT @nytopinion: Let's be clear: these shooting sprees are each, in their own ways, acts of terrorism. 
RT @nytimesworld: At a cafe struck in the Paris terror attacks, patrons raise a glass in defiance 
Muslims in America condemn extremists and fear anew for their lives 
The front page of The New York Times for Saturday, Dec. 5. 
End the gun epidemic in America 
U.S. pressing for U.N. resolution to cut off ISIS’ financing 
There have been no mass killings in Australia since the nation tightened its gun control laws almost 20 years ago 
The last time The Times ran an editorial on the front page was in 1920 
RT @nytopinion: A front-page editorial in Saturday's Times calls for an end to America's gun epidemic: 
It's time to end the gun epidemic, the Editorial Board writes in a front-page statement 
RT @nytopinion: A front-page editorial in Saturday's Times calls for an end to America's gun epidemic: 
The killings are happening too often. Bunched too close together. At places you would never imagine. 
RT @NYTmag: How to party like a Texan: barbecues, dips, drinks, pies. 
Christmas preparations at the White House — and more from the week in political photos 
Why "America's Next Top Model" may have been the most successful fashion TV show ever made 
RT @nytpolitics: From Jordan to hummus: Looking back at Ben Carson’s tough week 
What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 
Tashfeen Malik passed 2 rounds of criminal and national security background checks to obtain a “fiancé visa” 
How to spend 36 hours in Oakland, California 
Samsung agrees to pay Apple $548 million to settle smartphone patent dispute 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
A photographer explores the relationship between humans and animals. It's complicated. 
RT @NYTNow: The top news, so fast. Your Evening Briefing is ready. 
The FBI is now treating the San Bernardino shooting by a husband and wife as an act of terrorism 
RT @nytvideo: For many of these Bob Ross superfans, the joy of painting lives on 
Where presidential candidates stand on gun violence 
Your guide to the 5 biggest shopping malls in America 
Scott Weiland, who died in his sleep Thursday night, was a rock singer precisely of his time 
RT @NYTSports: Winds of change whipping through mansion doors of globalized sports, @powellnyt explains. FIFA is latest example. 
A neurotic's guide to small talk 
The 10 best books of 2015 
100 miles, 10 days, 3 countries and a lot of cheese 
At a cafe struck in the Paris terror attacks, patrons raise a glass in defiance 
RT @adamliptak: Puerto Rico’s Debt Relief to Get Supreme Court Hearing 
Updated: What investigators know about the San Bernardino shooting 
Punishments were swift after he shared a meme juxtaposing Gollum with Recep Tayyip Erdogan 
At only 19, Shanice Williams made her professional debut in "The Wiz Live!" 
For this guest at Art Basel Miami, it's easy being green (via 
RT @NYTMetro: Sheldon Silver, who was found guilty on corruption charges, moves to collect state pension. 
RT @nytimesarts: ‘The Wiz Live!’ Scores Strong Ratings 
How a conservative-led Australia ended mass killings 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Oil-rich UAE pledges to increase use of clean energy, as OPEC plans to keep pumping oil 
No, Donald Trump won't win 
A first edition of the King James Bible was discovered at Drew University 
The painted bunting is the hottest thing in Brooklyn right now 
The news media's grim playbook on mass shootings 
RT @mikiebarb: FBI says suspects left crushed cell phones nearby, in attempt to hide digital footprints. Dec 04, 2015 

The FBI will be taking over the San Bernardino shooting investigation from local officials 
Breaking News: The F.B.I. says it is investigating the San Bernardino attack as an act of terrorism 
The U.S. economy is growing, but it's not fixed yet 
RT @nytfood: So many ways to celebrate cookies 
36 hours in Oakland, California 
RT @NYTSports: Barry Bonds is hired to be the Miami Marlins hitting coach 
Gun homicides in ____ are about as common as deaths from ____ in the U.S. 
The NYT gift guide review of this Snoopy tureen: "Wah-wah-wah wah wah-wah wah-wah-wah" 
They all won "America's Next Top Model." Where are they now? 
Journalists were let into the townhouse rented by the San Bernardino shooting suspects 
A standout UNC athlete, he slipped into a life of mental illness and homelessness. He died with $13 in his pocket. 
RT @NYTSports: .@SamBorden on how FIFA is managing to fumble its recovery. 
Ryan Seacrest's ascent through the social ranks of L.A. has been as patiently plotted as his professional one 
A judge in the FIFA scandal was arrested when the cruise ship he was on docked in Florida 
RT @nytopinion: Faced with another bloody massacre, Senate Republicans killed a measure to keep guns away from suspected terrorists. 
The close ties between exercise and beer 
Updated: What investigators know about the San Bernardino shooting 
RT @nytimesarts: A new museum aims to put Beirut on the global art map 
Tashfeen Malik, the woman who helped carry out the San Bernardino shooting, had pledged allegiance to ISIS 
RT @NYTSports: Last night's 'Hail Mary' win by the Packers was another blow for longtime Lions fans 
Good end-of-2015 reading: How 2 pairs of identical twins, switched at birth and raised as fraternal twins, reunited 
RT @nytopinion: More than half of all community college students experience food and housing insecurity. 
Marco Rubio's more open discussion about his religion opens a part of his life that he doesn't often discuss 
The White House is seeking a path to an executive action on gun sales 
RT @nytimesarts: "The Wiz Live!" moved away from the ornately staged superproductions of the past, with a kind of minimalism 
A father may pass on more than just his genes in his sperm, a study suggests 
Ben Carson, mispronouncing "Hamas," fails to impress a Republican Jewish group 
There’s no evidence that ISIS directed the couple who carried out the San Bernardino shooting to launch the attack 
Breaking News: The woman who helped carry out the San Bernardino shooting had pledged allegiance to ISIS on Facebook 
Breaking News: The female suspect in the California rampage pledged allegiance to ISIS on Facebook, officials said 
RT @nytpolitics: Boos overtake laughs as Donald Trump stumbles on Jerusalem before key Jewish donors 
You asked, @nytimeswell answered: Is tooth polishing necessary? 
Where they shared their working hours, and their dying moments 
Being killed with a gun in Japan is about as likely as being killed by a lightning strike in the U.S. 
No, Donald Trump won't win 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
Scott Weiland, former singer of Stone Temple Pilots, died at 48 
There have been no mass killings in Australia since the nation tightened its gun control laws almost 20 years ago 
The NYT review of David Mamet's play "China Doll," starring Al Pacino 
Where presidential candidates stand on gun violence 
RT @nytimesworld: The Taliban promised to release an audio recording of their leader to prove he is alive. 
RT @nytimesworld: To crush ISIS, John Kerry urges deft removal of Syria’s Assad. 
Social Q's: How to handle a friendship that has been rocked 
The U.S. unemployment rate held steady at 5% in November, unchanged from October 
"The Joy of Painting" has taken on a new life online, 20 years after Bob Ross's death 
Review: In ‘The Wiz Live!’ on NBC, a Search for More in the Emerald City 
Breaking News: The U.S. added 211,000 jobs in November, clearing the way for a likely Fed rate increase this month 
Quote of the Day 
Are you equipped for holiday parties? Find ugly sweaters and more in the NYT gift guide. 
RT @nytimesworld: Future generations are mentioned a lot at #COP21, but are young people heard during the negotiations? 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
A common office party. If you were not safe there, where were you safe? That was everywhere. That was everybody. 
A standout UNC athlete, he slipped into a life of mental illness and homelessness. He died with $13 in his pocket. 
Modern Love: "I wanted to support him ... but I couldn’t help feeling that his work and I were in competition" 
Taliban Say They Will Release Recording of Leader to Prove He Is Alive 
Behind the scenes of the making of #TheWiz 
German Parliament Votes to Send Military Assistance to Fight ISIS 
Scott Weiland, former singer of Stone Temple Pilots, dies at 48 
Starbucks prospers by keeping pace with the coffee snobs 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
RT @NYTScience: Coal is in trouble, and that might be good news for a warming world 
Ben Carson, mispronouncing "Hamas," fails to impress a Republican Jewish group 
Paul Ryan throws down GOP gauntlet for 2016 
Making Way for High-Level Negotiations in Climate Talks 
Australia Presents Stark Example in Debate Over Gun Control 
First comes baby, then comes push present? 
What to Expect From the Latest Jobs Report 
This rugelach recipe goes rogue with the fillings (via 
RT @nytfood: A feast deep in the heart of Texas 
Coldplay’s new album, "A Head Full of Dreams," is blissful and bittersweet 
The 10 best books of 2015 
RT @UpshotNYT: Who's winning the presidential horse race? Depends how you measure. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Mark Zuckerberg takes to Facebook (where else?) to defend his philanthropy 
A father may pass on more than just his genes in his sperm, a study suggests 
Good TV moms, indifferent TV moms, confused TV moms, condemnable TV moms — take your pick 
Scott Weiland, former singer of Stone Temple Pilots, dies at 48 
RT @nytimesworld: How to balance economic growth with environmental concerns? Germany may have an answer. 
Scott Weiland, Former Singer of Stone Temple Pilots, Dies at 48 
This actor says it's hard to come up with a workout as grueling as a "Hunger Games" shoot 
The close ties between exercise and beer 
Suspects in San Bernardino shooting used semiautomatic rifles that were legally obtained 
Walk along Rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud in Paris, and you will find the city in a nutshell 
"For me, whiteness is not an identity but a moral problem." 
Modern Love: Is there a doctor in the marriage? 
Behind the scenes of the making of #TheWiz 
RT @NYTStyles: The gentle Bob Ross, an analogue-age PBS star, finds new relevance in the digital era. 
Bill to Repeal Health Law Passes Senate 
RT @nytpolitics: Ben Carson kept mispronouncing the name of the extremist group Hamas, saying something that sounded more like hummus 
What does it take for a mass shooting to be called terrorism? 
RT @NYTScience: A permit to build earth's largest telescope on Hawaii's tallest mountain has been rescinded 
Even some Army veterans confided that they felt safer in war zones than on the streets of the U.S. 
San Bernardino officer who trained for the worst and faced it: "This was actually happening" 
Family and friends remembered the 14 colleagues who were murdered in San Bernardino 
The 10 best books of 2015 
RT @jennymedina: The now familiar reading of the names candle light vigil. This time in San Bernardino 
A standout UNC athlete, he slipped into a life of mental illness and homelessness. He died with $13 in his pocket. 
RT @NYTScience: Editing human genes in inheritable ways should wait until risks are clearer, scientists say 
Behind the scenes of the making of #TheWiz 
A common office party. If you were not safe there, where were you safe? That was everywhere. That was everybody. 
Pakistan sends 30 migrants back to Europe 
RT @nytimesarts: Here’s Ben Brantley’s review of “China Doll.” Get ready for it. 
Nothing but raves, nothing but net: Stephen Curry is home 
Wanting more than a veto and a prayer after mass shootings 
RT @jessbidgood: “Is he alright?” “No, he ain’t alright.” Sobs as #FreddieGray arrest videos are played in court. w @sherylstolberg: 
Paul Ryan throws down GOP gauntlet for 2016 
What investigators know about the San Bernardino shooting 
Starbucks prospers by keeping pace with the coffee snobs 
Social Q's: How to handle a friendship that has been rocked 
Shoppers set a record for Black Friday gun sales last week, topping Black Friday gun buying binge after Sandy Hook 
Avon said to be in talks to sell North American business 
Modern Love: "I wanted to support him ... but I couldn’t help feeling that his work and I were in competition" 
RT @nytimesarts: Ryan Coogler narrates a scene from "Creed" 
"Mx."? Why the Times used a new, gender-neutral courtesy title in a recent story 
Watching television may be bad for your brain, a new study suggests 
RT @nytopinion: How many mass shootings are there, really? 
Photos from San Bernardino 
Taylor Swift wrote a $50,000 check. On the blank space, baby? The Seattle Symphony. 
Sheriff releases names of the dead in San Bernardino shooting 
RT @NYTNow: The top news fast. Your Evening Briefing is ready. 
More than 5,000 answered the question: Do you worry about the possibility of a shooting? 
Coldplay’s new album, "A Head Full of Dreams," is blissful and bittersweet 
These are the gifts that are sure to be on everyone's wish list this year 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Suspects in San Bernardino shooting used semiautomatic rifles that were legally obtained 
The close ties between exercise and beer 
We've published some of our readers' responses to this question here: 
Coldplay and "multiple acts" will play the next Super Bowl halftime show 
How often, if ever, do you think about the possibility of a shooting in your daily life? 
What does it take for a mass shooting to be called terrorism? 
A new substance, Q-carbon, is harder than diamonds, scientists say 
"For me, whiteness is not an identity but a moral problem." 
Mark Zuckerberg did not donate $45 billion to charity. You may have heard that, but that was wrong, says @eisingerj 
"The Joy of Painting" has taken on a new life online, 20 years after Bob Ross's death 
Food gift ideas — practical, beautiful and edible — from the editors of @nytfood 
LAPD seeks to reassure local Muslims "that you're part of our community" after San Bernardino shooting 
Thinking of living in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn? You're not the only one. 
RT @nytpolitics: The defense secretary announced that the military will open all combat roles to women. 
The plains of Mississippi one dew-covered morning (via 
RT @melenar: Hanging out with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler is just as delightful as you'd imagine. My story: 
The San Bernardino shooting suspects built more than 12 pipe bombs and stockpiled thousands of rounds of ammunition 
Ben Carson, mispronouncing "Hamas," fails to impress a Republican Jewish group 
A father may pass on more than just his genes in his sperm, a study suggests 
RT @nytgraphics: The guns used in 15 mass shootings, including San Bernardino, were bought legally 
The Ebola crisis has subsided, but the fallout over how health care workers were treated during the crisis continues 
The FBI is treating its inquiry into the San Bernardino massacre as a counterterrorism investigation 
RT @NYTSports: LATEST: 16 more soccer officials are charged in FIFA corruption scandal after raid in Zurich 
At this five-star Zurich hotel, some soccer officials checked out earlier than expected 
RT @NYTmag: Why would an 82-year-old man kill his son, his daughter, his wife and himself? 
Nicholas Thalasinos, one of the 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting, was the gunman's coworker 
First comes baby, then comes push present? 
Investigators found 12 pipe bombs at the home of the suspects in the San Bernardino shooting 
RT @nytpolitics: Watch Live: Speaker Paul Ryan describes his governing philosophy during an address at the Library of Congress. 
A top coal executive was found guilty of conspiring to violate mine safety regulations in the deaths of 29 miners 
Jennifer Hudson (@IAMJHUD) has dogs named Oscar and Grammy. Is Tony next? 
Breaking News: A prominent coal executive has been convicted of conspiracy in a deadly West Virginia mine blast 
RT @ShreeyaSinha: "Mass shootings" and "massacres." When do they get called "terrorism"? By @rickgladstone 
Breaking News: The Pentagon will open all combat roles in the military to women 
"Mark Zuckerberg did not donate $45 billion to charity. You may have heard that, but that was wrong," says @eisinger 
RT @NYTSports: Here's what you need to know about the ongoing investigation into corruption at FIFA. 
One of our favorite stories of 2015: She saw his ad for a roommate, moved in and never left 
Federal agents are tracing the origins of the 4 guns recovered from the suspects in the San Bernardino shooting 
How often, if ever, do you think about the possibility of a shooting in your daily life? 
"For me, whiteness is not an identity but a moral problem." 
What does it take for a mass shooting to be called terrorism? 
An appeals court found Oscar Pistorius guilty of murder, overturning a lesser conviction 
RT @nytopinion: The sales of weapons increase even as more and more communities are struck by gun violence. 
RT @nytpolitics: Unable to shut down Guantánamo Bay prison, officials are looking to reduce its population 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
"I don’t want my kids to drown here." Rising sea levels are consuming the Marshall Islands. 
RT @motokorich: "Not every shooting is preventable. But we’re not even trying." @NickKristof 
The FIFA investigation, explained 
Police combed the scene of the San Bernardino shooting overnight 
A picture is emerging of the couple suspected of the San Bernardino shooting 
Quote of the Day 
RT @NYTSports: Top FIFA officials were arrested in a pre-dawn raid at a (familiar) Zurich hotel 
Coal is in trouble, and that could be good news for a warming world 
The 10 best books of 2015 
Frustrated in Efforts to Close Guantánamo Prison, Officials Look to Reduce Population 
How often do mass shootings occur in the U.S.? On average, every day. 
Civilian deaths are raising questions about C.I.A.-trained forces in Afghanistan 
Here are seven simple guidelines for reducing your carbon footprint 
A new wave of arrests in the widespread soccer corruption scandal includes two FIFA vice presidents 
E.U. Opens Inquiry Into Possible McDonald’s Tax Breaks in Luxembourg 
Dick Cheney's chiseled likeness will be immortalized in the Senate with a traditional bust 
2015 in the United States: More days with mass shootings than not 
A picture is emerging of the couple suspected of the California shooting that left 14 dead 
New York Today: New York Today: Subway Secrets 
RT @nytopinion: “Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz? It just saves time.” 
San Bernardino, already struggling with bankruptcy and decay, is traumatized by a siege and bloody shootout 
Swiss police escorted FIFA officials out of a hotel in a new wave of arrests 
This Paris avenue embodies exactly what the terrorists targeted 
At Climate Talks, Time to Whittle Down the Options 
How often do mass shootings occur? On average, every day, records show 
"Truth be told, I wish Putin had succeeded. It would have saved us all a lot of trouble." 
RT @RebeccaRuiz: Similar criminal allegations, same 5-star hotel, different soccer officials, more arrests: 2.0 in the US #FIFA case: 
An appeals court rules Oscar Pistorius is guilty of murder, overturning a lesser conviction 
Oscar Pistorius Found Guilty of Murder by South Africa Appeals Court 
Breaking News: Oscar Pistorius has been found guilty of murder by a South African appeals court 
San Bernardino, already struggling with bankruptcy and decay, is traumatized by a siege and bloody shootout 
Conflicting Reports Over Whether Taliban’s New Leader Has Been Killed 
RT @nytgraphics: An island nation, slipping underwater: the Marshall Islands are disappearing. 
Civilian Deaths Raise Questions About C.I.A.-Trained Forces in Afghanistan 
Suspect’s Brother-in-Law Speaks Out 
Attackers in San Bernardino carried out the worst mass shooting in the U.S. since the assault on a school in Newtown 
“My daughter is inside there. She’s O.K. She’s safe. We are waiting for her to come out.” San Bernardino updates: 
RT @NYTNational: Couple Kept Tight Lid on Plans for San Bernardino Shooting 
TV crews in front of the Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich where more FIFA officials were arrested 
RT @nytimesworld: What would you like to know about Paris after attacks? @kimmelman goes inside the city 
Latest updates on the aftermath of the shooting in San Bernardino, California 
RT @NYTSports: New charges in FIFA case expected to hit South and Central American soccer officials particularly hard. 
San Bernardino police said Syed Farook left a holiday party "angry" and returned with explosive devices and guns 
How often do mass shootings occur in the U.S.? On average, every day. 
RT @SamBorden: Small fleet of cars lining up at Baur au Lac to take ExCo officials to FIFA house for crisis meeting at 9am. 
San Bernardino police identify second suspect in shooting: Tashfeen Malik 
14 shot to death in California rampage 
RT @RebeccaRuiz: Juan Napout (Paraguay) + Alfredo Hawit (Honduras), presidents of Conmebol + Concacaf, implicated in US #FIFA case: 
RT @NYTSports: Follow @RebeccaRuiz, @SamBorden, @mattapuzzo for updates on FIFA arrests. They're starting to get names. Dec 03, 2015 

RT @NYTSports: LATEST: Aflredo Hawit, president of Concacaf, among those arrested in latest FIFA sweep. 
San Bernardino suspect’s relative expresses shock, but no hints on motive 
RT @SamBorden: VIDEO: Hotel staff and officers lead one arrested soccer official over bridge at Baur au Lac to parking garage. 
RT @SamBorden: Here's our full story on the FIFA arrests in Zurich, which we'll obviously be updating: 
2015 in the United States: More days with mass shootings than not 
More than a dozen people are expected to be charged in new wave of arrests in FIFA scandal 
RT @mattapuzzo: NYT developing story from inside the Zurich hotel where police are yet again arresting top FIFA officials. 
RT @NYTSports: BREAKING: New wave of arrests in widespread FIFA corruption scandal. Live updates from scene in Zurich. 
Breaking News: Authorities have begun more arrests as part of an investigation into corruption among FIFA officials 
U.S. sees elite military unit as key to push against ISIS 
RT @nytopinion: The sales of weapons increase even as more and more communities are struck by gun violence. 
San Bernardino “still on alert,” mayor says. Live updates: 
One suspect in the San Bernardino shooting has been identified: Syed Farook 
RT @nytgraphics: Days with mass shootings, like the one in San Bernardino, happen more often than not. 
Video: Relatives described attempts to reach loved ones during San Bernardino shooting 
RT @NickKristof: My column: More Americans died since 2012 from guns than in Korea, Vietnam & Iraq combined 
How often do mass shootings occur? On average, every day, records show 
RT @nytgraphics: Two suspects were killed about 3.5 miles from the site of the San Bernardino shooting. 
RT @nytopinion: After mass shootings, political leaders have offered little more than platitudes. 
Investigators shift focus to townhouse in Redlands, Calif., where suspects gathered after shooting 
Breaking News: Police say a second suspect in the California shooting has been killed and a third person detained 
Police: 2 suspects dead in San Bernardino shooting, including a woman 
RT @nytpolitics: Presidential candidates react to the San Bernardino shooting on Twitter 
How the San Bernardino shooting and manhunt unfolded 
Investigators believe one gunman in California shooting had worked at facility, recently had dispute, per officials 
Obama: "We have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world" 
How often, if ever, do you think about the possibility of a shooting in your daily life? 
As police closed in on SUV, chaos came to a suburban Southern California 
"Why would somebody want to hurt somebody who helps children?" 
RT @bydanielvictor: Here are all of President Obama’s comments after each mass shooting, collected in one place and updated today 
The latest: What we know so far about the San Bernardino shooting 
Breaking News: One suspect in the California massacre has been killed and another has been wounded in a shootout 
San Bernardino police: One suspect dead, one caught, one still on the loose 
Gov. Jerry Brown of California issues statement on the San Bernardino shooting 
One suspect detained in San Bernardino shooting. Number of injured is now 17. Live updates: 
Police: Shots fired as hunt for San Bernardino shooting suspects continues. Updates: 
What we know so far about the San Bernardino shooting. Follow live updates: 
France shut down three mosques and four Muslim prayer rooms out of concern they were contributing to radicalization 
RT @NYTNational: Obama: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world" 
The NYT Editorial Board on the children left behind after mass shootings: 
The San Bernardino shooters dressed in a way "suggesting they were prepared," officials said 
Breaking News: The police say at least 14 are dead in the San Bernardino rampage, with up to three gunmen at large 
At least 14 people killed in the San Bernardino shooting rampage, police say. There were 3 shooters. Live updates: 
Updated: Gunmen wound multiple people at a center for people with disabilities in San Bernardino. Some feared dead. 
RT @nytopinion: When will these massacres and the families they destroy matter enough to politicians to enact sensible gun laws? 
A trustee at Inland Regional Services, the site of the San Bernardino shooting, responds 
Presidential candidates react to San Bernardino shooting on Twitter 
Gun sales soared on Black Friday, the FBI says. It processed about 2 firearm background checks per second. 
What we know about the San Bernardino shooting 
"Somebody is shooting inside our building," a woman texted her father from San Bernardino. "I’m hiding in a closet." 
Follow live updates on the San Bernardino shooting: 
Here's the location of the "active shooter" incident in San Bernardino 
The scene of the shooting in San Bernardino 
Breaking News: The authorities are responding to reports of a mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif. 
Emergency crews are responding to the reports of a 20-victim shooting incident in San Bernardino 
Reports of 20 victims wounded in shooting in San Bernardino, California 
"We wanted to know what happened to Ryan. ... It's the million-dollar question." 
NATO plans to expand its membership. Russia isn't pleased. 
Rising sea levels are washing away the Marshall Islands 
Donald Trump says terrorists' families should be targets 
RT @nytimesworld: The murky origins of the largest dinosaur museum in the world 
"It's not the worst poem I've ever read." Poets critique Kobe Bryant's Poem to Basketball: 
How people would donate $45 billion if they, like Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, had it 
Gun sales soared on Black Friday, the FBI says. It processed about 2 firearm background checks per second. 
RT @nytopinion: Why is law enforcement allowed to own and control its video footage? 
RT @nytvideo: Watch the full @RetroReport documentary on heroin and the war on drugs here 
Sandy Berger, who had a critical role in the strategy to end a war with Yugoslavia's Slobodan Milosevic, dies at 70 
Students' protests may play a role in a Supreme Court case on race in admissions 
A standout UNC athlete, he slipped into a life of mental illness and homelessness. He died with $13 in his pocket. 
The family of an American killed in Benghazi is waiting for the CIA to fulfill a promise it made a year ago 
RT @nickconfessore: Join me at NOON for a Q-and-A on "Buying Power," our series on how wealthy families are changing American politics. htt… Dec 02, 2015 

The college football coaching carousel continues to turn. Who will be next? 
One of our most-popular pieces of 2015: The best and worst places to grow up in America 
"People might be taken aback" — Jennifer Hudson, on showing a sexier side on Broadway 
RT @nytpolitics: .@nickconfessore's taking questions on his "Buying Power" series at 12 on Facebook 
The Marshall Islands are disappearing. "I feel like we're living underwater." 
How people would donate $45 billion if they, like Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, had it 
Shake Shack's food for thought for the Fed 
RT @nytimestravel: A conversation with @JimGaffigan, who has some experience traveling with kids. 
Rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud is Paris in a nutshell 
How Thomas Jefferson learned architecture 
"In Ireland we know not to become a monster ... to defeat a monster" — U2's Bono, on ISIS 
Race in America: Your stories 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
RT @nytimesphoto: In a corner of Romania, the holidays are ushered in by troupes of bearskin-clad revelers 
Special Report: As world leader discuss climate change, Pacific islanders watch their nation vanishing into the sea 
World leaders at the Paris climate talks have left the building. Now the real work begins. 
If you were Mark Zuckerberg or Priscilla Chan, tell us how you would give away $45 billion, and why? 
The close ties between exercise and beer 
"Truth be told, I wish Putin had succeeded. It would have saved us all a lot of trouble." 
RT @NYTScience: What climate change looks like: Dying pine forests 
How 2 lawyers became whistle-blowers on their boss at the National Whistleblowers Center 
Reading blood pressure seems simple. But your numbers can change several times a day. 
Claims that MTV News video backs Donald Trump's assertion of mass 9/11 celebrations is debunked 
Quote of the Day 
RT @NYTMetro: Without this Staten Island property, there may not have been a Central Park or Prospect Park 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
Aung San Suu Kyi and the head of Myanmar's military met today, a step toward sharing power 
Work-Life Balance: How Mark Zuckerberg’s Example Helps Fight Stigma of Family Leave 
A warning from the archives: Climate change may cause "serious environmental damage" 
Television's favorite role? Mom 
First Draft: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Endure as Ben Carson Recedes, Poll Says 
A new national poll shows the leading candidates, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, solidifying their positions 
The last Dalai Lama? Maybe. 
"I don’t want my kids to drown here.” Rising sea levels are consuming the Marshall Islands 
This Paris avenue embodies exactly what the terrorists targeted 
RT @nytimesworld: World leaders have 12 days to agree on plans to slow global warming. Updates on #COP21: 
Local Muslims who saw Gov. Chris Christie as an unexpected champion are now feeling betrayed 
New York Today: New York Today: A Sidewalk Forest 
Jerry Seinfeld gets a regular gig at a New York theater 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
"ISIS and these kinds of extremists are a death cult. We’re a life cult." U2 heads to Paris 
RT @NYTNational: Robert Dear described those who attacked abortion providers as "doing God's work" 
Critic's Notebook: Avenue Spared in Paris Attacks Embodies What Terrorists Targeted 
The Marshall Islands are disappearing 
ISIS dream of statehood said to be fading in new fighting 
Airbnb releases trove of NYC data on the ways people open their homes to guests 
World leaders at the Paris climate talks have left the building. Now the real work begins 
Top Republicans worry Trump could be nominated, causing a major electoral loss. But they're afraid to take him on 
RT @nytopinion: Does a mother’s love obscure her objectivity? 
Remember the $750 pill? The nation's top prescription drug manager will offer a $1 alternative. 
RT @nytfood: Add some holiday greenery to your cocktail coupe 
RT @nytopinion: When will these massacres and the families they destroy matter enough to politicians to enact sensible gun laws? 
What Climate Change Looks Like: Dying Forests 
RT @nytimesarts: Seen all 10 episodes of "Man in the High Castle"? Talk about it with critic @poniewozik 
RT @nytimesworld: A power outage forces Crimeans to reconsider their enthusiasm for secession. 
RT @nytimesarts: Adele on singles vs. albums, ego, motherhood, her changing voice and dealing with fame 
One of Ireland’s most mystical places will likely be seen in the new "Star Wars" movie 
Supreme Court says woman injured in a train accident in Austria cannot sue in an American court 
Scholars unveil new edition of Hitler’s “Mein Kampf” 
Student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic, Oklahoma college president says 
How the organizer of the Paris attacks slipped through authorities’ hands 
Mother: Television’s Favorite Role 
Fried chicken, Nashville style: American food at its crispest and most fiery 
At 80, the Dalai Lama is still an international icon. But the future of his office has never been more in doubt. 
Receding waters in California expose artifacts and archaeological sites to looters 
In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor. But for best picture, all bets are off 
A Chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around Beijing's landmarks 
RT @nytimesworld: Those who escaped ISIS say that its statehood project is in tatters. 
Luc Bondy, Swiss-Born Theater and Opera Director, Dies at 67 
The good old days of the gold standard? Not really, historians say. 
Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 
Russell Wilson has taken a public vow of celibacy. Will it help him on the field? 
The curious incident of the duct-taped dog on Facebook 
Yahoo’s Board Is Said to Weigh Selling Off Core Business 
Male celebrities appear to be embracing the post-breakup makeover 
Comedian Jim Gaffigan on how to travel with 5 kids 
RT @NYTStyles: 61-year-old punk rocker Handsome Dick Manitoba has been sober 33 years & a bar owner for 16. 
Bernie Sanders, your cool socialist grandpa 
What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 
Yahoo’s board to discuss potentially selling off core business 
One of Ireland’s most mystical places most likely will be seen in the new "Star Wars" movie 
RT @nytopinion: No matter how you feel about GMOs, consumers deserve to know what they are eating. 
On a rainy morning, a man walked over the Williamsburg Bridge to Brooklyn. Photos of the day 
RT @nytpolitics: GOP leaders fear losing Senate if Trump's their nominee but are paralyzed on how to stop him 
RT @nytopinion: The release of the Laquan McDonald video revealed a conspiracy of concealment in Chicago 
.@Adele on her career ups and downs 
New York's tactical shift on terror attacks: Don't wait for backup 
RT @NYTMetro: Meet the Italian immigrants who put the first Christmas tree in Rockefeller Center, in 1931. 
A great cocktail hour appetizer: Fig tart with caramelized onions, rosemary and Stilton 
The last Dalai Lama? 
Express Scripts to offer $1 alternative to Turing Pharmaceuticals' $750 pill 
ISIS dream of statehood said to be fading in new fighting 
Fried chicken, Nashville style: American food at its crispest and most fiery 
Scholars unveil new edition of Hitler’s “Mein Kampf” 
Receding waters in California expose artifacts and archaeological sites to looters 
RT @nytpolitics: Jeb Bush Says He Would Have Probably Skipped Climate Conference 
How the organizer of the Paris attacks slipped through authorities’ hands 
Student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic, Oklahoma college president says 
You asked, we answered: What gives prunes a laxative effect? 
The best gift ideas, curated by New York Times editors, to make shopping easy this season 🎁 
A leg of the finest ham from Cinco Jotas costs about $670 in Spain. China can't get enough 
RT @NYTSports: David Price reached an agreement with the Red Sox on a record 7-year, $217 million deal 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Students’ protests may play role in Supreme Court case on race in admissions 
If you were Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, tell us how you would give away $45 billion, and why? 
RT @NYTNow: Get the top news fast, in Your Evening Briefing 
On Hanukkah, why not take the latke road less traveled? 
Chris Christie is riding high after a coveted newspaper endorsement in New Hampshire. At home, though... 
Airbnb releases trove of NYC data on the ways people open their homes to guests 
Mark Zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their Facebook shares to charity 
The suspect in the Colorado shooting was seen as a man who mixed religion and rage 
The leader of a Taliban splinter group allied with the Islamic State has been killed 
There's another world of challah out there that isn't braided, yellow or squishy 
Gift ideas for everyone, from your niece to the man who likes the finer things in life 
How the organizer of the Paris attacks slipped through authorities’ hands 
Top Republicans are worried that Trump could lead to an electoral wipeout. But they're afraid to take him on. 
Chicago's police chief was ousted a week after the release of video showing an officer shooting a teenager 16 times 
The dubious accounting behind the world's carbon budget 
Mark Zuckerberg pledges that he and his wife will give 99% of their Facebook shares "during our lives" to charity 
Breaking News: Mark Zuckerberg has pledged to give to charity 99 percent of his Facebook shares 
Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 
He last saw his diary of life in an internment camp in 1945. Now it's on display at Yale 
As Obama pushes a climate deal, Republicans move to block EPA's emissions rules 
RT @nytopinion: Black women share their challenges in society for our "Conversation on Race" Op-Doc series. 
Dec. 1 marks a milestone: It's time for Christmas cookies (via 
Adele has everyone talking. Here's what she's saying. 
Obama repeats call to make guns less accessible after Planned Parenthood shooting 
What climate change looks like: Shells dissolving in acidifying oceans 
Special Report: The suspect in the Colorado rampage was a recluse who longed for women, and mixed religion with rage 
RT @nytopinion: This #GivingTuesday, help a girl go to school, a rat detect land mines and refugees stay warm. @NickKristof’s guide: 
The curious incident of the duct-taped dog on Facebook 
RT @jmartNYT: Both the Kochs & Paul Singer network have discussed a Stop Trump effort, but neither wants a public spat w him 
Women have accounted for about 20% of all Palestinian attackers in the last 2 months 
U.S. is increasing its special operations forces fighting ISIS in Iraq 
The creator of "Hamilton," @Lin_Manuel Miranda, helped write music for the new "Star Wars" cantina scene 
David Letterman, even in retirement, keeps on interviewing 
Puerto Rico has met a deadline for repaying $354 million in debt, avoiding its first major default 
One of Ireland’s most mystical places most likely will be seen in the new "Star Wars" movie 
Think of cauliflower Parmesan as the winter analogue to eggplant Parmesan 
Volkswagen successfully lobbied to remove 2 key parts of Europe’s coming auto emissions tests, internal email shows 
Breaking News: Mayor Rahm Emanuel has fired Chicago’s police superintendent amid criticism over a police shooting 
The peculiar ascent of Bill Murray to pop icon 
Chicago's police chief has been fired after criticism of his handling of the police shooting of Laquan McDonald 
Patrol officers, often likely to arrive first at a shooting, are being trained to head into unfolding attacks 
One of our favorite stories of 2015: The Ride of Their Lives 
On Saturday, after delivering a speech calling for peace, Tahir Elçi was killed by an unknown gunman 
RT @nytimesarts: Ask a Show Runner: Submit questions for Damon Lindelof of @TheLeftoversHBO 
Spain's prized Ibérico hams can't cure fast enough for China 
Giuliani says there were people celebrating in New York on 9/11, but Trump's claim is an exaggeration 
One of Ireland’s most mystical places most likely will be seen in the new "Star Wars" movie 
How Bernie Sanders is making his case to millennials — and everyone else, too 
RT @nytimesworld: Obama echoes 2014 Pentagon report that said climate change posed threat to national security 
New York's tactical shift on terror attacks: Don't wait for backup 
"Love" and disbelief follow Donald Trump meeting with black leaders 
The average age of the American supporter of ISIS was 26, study says, reflecting pattern of younger recruits 
56 people have been arrested in the U.S. this year for helping to support or plot ISIS, study says 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
Why yawning can sometimes cause your eyes to tear 
Can the worst effects of climate change be avoided? Just barely, experts say. 
Remember the $750 pill? The nation's top prescription drug manager will offer a $1 alternative. 
Starting today, New York will require chain restaurants to identify dishes high in salt 
Uncertainty. Frenzy. And then Donald Trump appeared. 
RT @NYTMetro: A Baruch fraternity leader said Monday he knew the hazing rite that turned fatal was banned. 
Quote of the Day 
RT @nytpolitics: The State Dept. released more of Hillary Clinton's emails from her time as Secretary. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
RT @JustinHGillis: What would a serious plan on climate change really look like? 
Pursue a lost love? Readers debate the wisdom of trying to find the one who got away. 
A Chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around Beijing's landmarks 
The notable children's books of 2015 
Long-hidden, vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 Olympics attack in Munich are beginning to emerge 
RT @nytimesworld: The climate change pledges, explained in graphics 
In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor, but for best picture, all bets are off 
Indonesia Cites Resetting of Circuit Breaker in 2014 AirAsia Crash 
A Philippine court convicted a U.S. Marine of homicide in the killing of a transgender woman last year 
How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? 5 questions to test your math skills. 
The Google Cultural Institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas 
If you love to bake for the holidays, consider going in a salty direction 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day 
Indonesia cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of AirAsia Flight 8501 
What would a truly ambitious plan to tackle climate change look like? 
A fascinating riddle from 1958: What's happening to the world's ice? 
New York Today: New York Today: The Verdict Is In 
Robert Durst is being sued for $100 million by his first wife's family in her disappearance 
New diabetes cases, at long last, begin to fall in the U.S. 
"Love" and disbelief follow Donald Trump meeting with black leaders 
RT @NYTMetro: Seven Syrian refugees arrived in N.J. on Monday, and Gov. Christie could do nothing about it 
Google Cultural Institute Puts Us All Onstage 
RT @NYTHealth: Blood pressure can jump around as much as 40 points in a day 
Phenomena: The Peculiar Ascent of Bill Murray to Secular Saint 
Donald Trump tells a campaign rally in Georgia that his critics can't take a joke 
The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart 
100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 
RT @nytopinion: The gentrification of cities is a happy story for the top 10 percent, writes Paul Krugman: 
RT @nytimesworld: U.S. Tightens Visa-Waiver Program in Bid to Deter Militants 
Dave Navarro’s "Mourning Son" tells the story of his mother’s murder 
RT @NYTScience: What can you do about your own carbon footprint? Here's a short explanation: 
The first public beheadings have started. The local radio stations no longer play music. Life in an ISIS colony: 
In a Global Market for Hacking Talent, Argentines Stand Out 
Survivor of Paris attacks: “In one minute, my whole life changed” 
How the Paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
RT @nytimesworld: A Korean county has achieved its goal: Less birth control, more babies 
Jason Van Dyke, officer in Chicago shooting is released from jail 
RT @nytimesphoto: Dimitri Mellos’s guide to Greece take viewers beyond pretty postcard images 
Rise in HIV among China’s youth draws attention for World AIDS Day 
Pope Francis ends African trip with visit to a mosque 
Kobe Bryant can most easily be described by one word: Volume 
RT @sherylstolberg: In #FreddieGray jury selection, a glimpse of life in Baltimore. ''Strong feelings'' about police misconduct. 
Newly-elected mayor of Alaska's capital is found dead 
The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart. It's the work of a 15-year-old in Ohio. 
"Just because you fall in love with someone doesn’t necessarily mean they will fall in love with you" 
The Paris talks won't be enough. This is what an ambitious climate plan would look like. 
New Diabetes Cases, at Long Last, Begin to Fall in the United States 
The 2016 Pirelli calendar is a page-turner for different reasons 
RT @NYTMetro: A Dallas lawyer was blocked from boarding a flight at La Guardia because the crew didn't "feel comfortable" with him 
"Love" and disbelief follow Donald Trump meeting with black leaders 
Savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 
Dave Navarro’s "Mourning Son" tells the story of his mother’s murder 
As Sheldon Silver trial began, a "humble" assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
RT @NYTScience: What climate change looks like: Shells dissolving in acidifying oceans 
The New York Times Book Review's Notable Children's Books of 2015 
A cyclist in Fuyang, China, on Monday in the worst recorded smog of the year 
After attack, Republicans keep hammering Planned Parenthood 
RT @puiwingtam: Anonymous satire of Silicon Valley gets published, setting off rounds of guess-who-were-the-authors. 
The peculiar ascent of Bill Murray to pop icon 
How the Paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
.@narendramodi could make or break Obama’s climate legacy 
Paul Krugman: Inequality and the city 
What @erinleecarr learned from her father: 
Watchdog groups expressed optimism that the Sheldon Silver verdict could spur a more aggressive round of action 
Reading blood pressure seems simple. But your numbers can change several times a day. 
The Times asked illustrators to design a runners-up World Series ring for the 2015 Mets 
How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? 5 questions to test your math skills. 
Jason Van Dyke, officer in Chicago shooting is released from jail 
RT @michikokakutani: My review of Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS, revealing new book abt terror group & its godfather Abu Musab al-Zarqawi h… Dec 01, 2015 

In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor, but for best picture, all bets are off 
RT @nytopinion: What happened in Chicago was a cover-up. Those responsible should resign. — @BernardHarcourt 
Security breach at toy maker VTech includes data on children 
Pursue a lost love? Readers debate the wisdom of trying to find the one who got away. 
A woman swimming in a partly frozen lake in Shenyang, China. Photos of the day 
RT @nytgraphics: The schemes that got former NY state speaker Sheldon Silver convicted of corruption. 
Planning to shop Cyber Monday sales? The NYT gift guide is a good place to start. 
RT @nytpolitics: Donald Trump meets with black pastors, claiming “there was great love in the room" 
Robert Dear, suspect in Colorado Planned Parenthood attack, appears in court 
RT @NYTNow: The latest on Paris and more: Your Evening Briefing 
What @jelani9 learned from David Carr: 
RT @NYTmag: Steve Carell on playing boneheads, and what we'll learn from his new film, "The Big Short." 
Robert Kirkman on the #WalkingDead's midseason finale, Glenn's story and Negan's arrival 
The Last Message Received Tumblr might just break your heart 
The first public beheadings have started. The local radio stations no longer play music. Life in an ISIS colony: 
RT @TimRohan: The Mets lost the World Series, but they'll still probably get rings. On one of baseball's quirks: 
Survivor of Paris attacks: “In one minute, my whole life changed” 
RT @nytpolitics: Woodrow Wilson’s legacy gets complicated 
Think of cauliflower Parmesan as the winter analogue to eggplant Parmesan 
The name Negan is sure to send shivers of excitement and fear into fans of The Walking Dead comic books 
RT @nytopinion: To his credit, George W. Bush refused to lazily conflate Islam with terrorism: 
Short answers to hard questions about climate change 
Robert Durst is being sued for $100 million by his first wife's family in her disappearance 
Sheldon Silver was found guilty on all counts in a federal corruption trial 
RT @NYTMetro: Sheldon Silver, Ex-New York Assembly Speaker, Is Found Guilty of Corruption 
Adele's new album "25" sells a record-shattering 3.38 million copies 
RT @nytimesarts: Miley Cyrus delivered a speech about her deceased blowfish and sang about space-people sex 
A new study found that minorities receive less pain treatment in emergency rooms 
RT @nytpolitics: A majority of Americans want the U.S. to join other countries in a climate change treaty 
The 2016 Pirelli calendar is a page-turner for different reasons 
RT @NYTMetro: How hard is New York's high school algebra exam? Test your own math skills 
In Utah soda wars, it’s the Extra Dirty Second Wife vs. the Missionary 
What @melbournecoal learned from David Carr: 
RT @nytimesworld: Debating Hollande’s ‘war’ response to the Paris attacks 
Since 1993, attacks on abortion providers have resulted in the deaths of 11 people 
RT @NYTScience: What can you do about your own carbon footprint? Here's a short explanation: 
A surprising amount of coin toss lore has built up over the years 
Is there a secret behind King Tut’s tomb? 
RT @nytimesbusiness: A guide to what is at stake during the Paris climate talks: 
The shooting at Planned Parenthood in Colorado adds to the already high-pitched controversy in Congress 
100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 
RT @NYTSports: The best of Week 12 in the NFL 
The IMF has approved the Chinese renminbi as one of the world’s main central bank reserve currencies 
Breaking News: China’s renminbi will join dollar, euro, yen and pound as one of the world’s main reserve currencies 
A Korean county has achieved its goal: Less birth control, more babies 
RT @UpshotNYT: Those calorie listings on menus? They have less impact than you'd think. Here's the science on it: 
It's Cyber Monday. Get a jumpstart on holiday shopping with these gift ideas for everyone on your list. 
RT @nickconfessore: A few rich families set out to remake Illinois. How far did they get? 
Treasure hunters are fighting Homeland Security and Panama for rights to a silver treasure 
RT @nytimesarts: In the Oscars race, Leonardo DiCaprio has a strong chance for best actor, but for best picture, all bets are off. 
How the Paris climate talks will strive for success that eluded the Copenhagen talks 
What @tanehisicoates learned from David Carr: 
Es hora de conectar a Cuba a Internet 
RT @mattfleg: Fried pickles, Princess Bride at church, broken promises of taco pizza. Ted Cruz's weekend in Iowa. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
President Obama said the Paris climate conference represents an important turning point 
The assignment: Design a holiday display to rival the tree at Rockefeller Center The result: 
It's time to bring Cuba online 
RT @mannyNYT: Ted Cruz, the Children's Museum of Houston and his triumph in Texas of ideology over personality 
Quote of the Day 
Victims in the shooting at Colorado Planned Parenthood center Jennifer Markovsky Ke’Arre M. Stewart Garrett Swasey 
Just 63 percent of high school students passed a New York State algebra exam, so officials might make it easier 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
RT @NYTSports: For all Kobe Bryant’s success, he will leave a somewhat complicated legacy, says @AndrewKeh 
First Campaigns: Ted Cruz’s Senate Bid That Didn’t Stop at the Senate 
The first public beheadings have started. The local radio stations no longer play music. Life in an ISIS colony: 
Two-thirds of Americans say the U.S. should join a global climate change pact, a poll shows 
A handful of rich families set out to remake Illinois politics. Here's what happened. 
Adele's new album "25" sells a record-shattering 3.38 million copies 
RT @sewellchan: US, as the world's largest economy and second largest carbon emitter, "embraces" its responsibility: Obama at #COP21 Nov 30, 2015 

RT @sewellchan: "…and even more floods of desperate peoples seeking the sanctuary of nations not their own": Obama at #COP21 Nov 30, 2015 

RT @sewellchan: Obama warns of "submerged countries, abandoned cities, fields that no longer grow, political disruptions that trigger new c… Nov 30, 2015 

RT @sewellchan: President Obama: "We have come to Paris to show our resolve." Salutes Parisians "for insisting this crucial conference go o… Nov 30, 2015 

A sit-in at Amherst College was met with some criticism that students were trying to stifle free speech 
The Paris climate talks: A guide to what's at stake 
What @amychozick learned from David Carr: 
He was addicted to distraction. Here's how he lost, and found, his focus. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
New York Today: New York Today: Knick Names 
This rising Democratic star from Hawaii is making a mark on her party by defying it 
As the Paris climate talks begin, follow @nytimesworld for updates and context 
Hope for Nefertiti’s Tomb, and Egypt’s Economy 
RT @sewellchan: Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of @UN: "History is calling. I urge you to answer with courage and vision." #COP21 Nov 30, 2015 

Pillow fights at West Point are banned after injuries 
RT @sewellchan: Hollande: "My thoughts go to those islands, which will, very soon, purely and simply, disappear. Here, I want to be their v… Nov 30, 2015 

Chasing a Deal: Insights From the Talks 
Finding the right "Nutcracker" 
Two Jewish Teenagers Convicted of Murdering Palestinian, 16 
Biologists have created a mosquito that can't spread malaria 
RT @nytimesworld: ISIS’ biggest source of cash appears to be the people it rules 
“How would they know that?" Trump, on historians who say he put up a phony Civil War plaque. "Were they there?” 
No, kissing bugs are not a new scourge 
Israel Convicts 2 Youths in 2014 Killing of Palestinian 
How @JustinBieber and @ArianaGrande used an award show to speed a comeback 
Why won't car dealers sell electric cars to customers? 
RT @nytimesworld: The ISIS affiliate in Libya is the one "we're most worried about," a U.S. analyst says. 
A clip of Obama singing "Amazing Grace" in Charleston is sampled on the new Coldplay album 
36 Hours in Adelaide, Australia 
To save African penguins, zoos and aquariums are managing their love lives 
The murky laws surrounding hoverboards 
When a bag is based on math 
N.F.L. Roundup: Broncos Knock Patriots From Ranks of the Unbeaten 
Hammer fists, elbowing out of chokeholds, fierce kicks. While in Louboutins. 
Randall Munroe, a former NASA roboticist turned web cartoonist, explains it all for us 
The writer, director and actress Frankie Shaw on the cycle of white men in Hollywood 
The 911 system isn't ready for the iPhone era 
The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 6, Episode 8: We Must Protect This House 
ISIS tightens its grip on the Mediterranean port city of Surt 
Miley Cyrus employs "excess like a blunt utensil, bludgeoning the senses again and again" 
The battle to block ISIS on Twitter 
What @jennydeluxe learned from David Carr: 
100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 
"If there is one word for peace in food, it is hummus" 
“You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream and I’ll always love you for it." —Kobe Bryant 
Japan Whaling Fleet Set to Leave for Antarctic 
Should you take that Facebook quiz? 
In this corner: our 1976 review of "Rocky" And in this corner: our 2015 review of "Creed" 
Swatted: How Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police 
The first public beheadings have started. The local radio stations no longer play music. Life in an ISIS colony: 
Woodrow Wilson’s Legacy Gets Complicated 
How balloons pop 
"The chemical industry has inherited the mantle of Big Tobacco" writes @NickKristof in @nytopinion 
14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 
Google's new tools to help people find directions without the fear of data overage charges 
These are the words no New York subway rider wants to hear 
Shooting at Planned Parenthood Adds to Challenges for Congress 
Stephen Curry​: A point guard with Baryshnikov's grace 
How to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic gag 
How Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
Predatory Islamic State Wrings Money From Those It Rules 
Adele's thoughts on "Hello" and 6 other songs on "25" 
Victims in the shooting at Colorado Planned Parenthood center Jennifer Markovsky Ke’Arre M. Stewart Garrett Swasey 
As a mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatic than socialist 
The coastal city of Surt is the most strategically important outpost run by an ISIS affiliate, Western officials say 
Tax Status of Museums Questioned by Senators 
“You gave a six-year-old boy his Laker dream and I’ll always love you for it." —@kobebryant 
How the birth of farming may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 
Kobe Bryant Announces Retirement 
RT @nytimesworld: Transgender Argentines confront continued murder and discrimination 
Sports Alert: Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers announced that he will retire after this season 
What Ben Carson's former co-workers said about his potential transition to president 
Is Noël Wells "the coolest, funniest thing going" in Aziz Ansari's "Master of None"? 
Look-at-me-don’t-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 
Victims in Colorado Clinic Shooting Include Iraq War Veteran 
Miley Cyrus has "gained the stylistic equivalent of the freshman 15" 
Chicago to expand use of police body cameras 
RT @michikokakutani: Mariano Rivera. born November 29, 1969. My tribute: 
Paris Talks Herald an Important First Step on Climate Change 
In the land of milk and honey, biblical wines are reborn 
How a former Fugee helped elect the president of Haiti 
ISIS tightens its grip on the Mediterranean port city of Surt 
RT @nytvideo: Black artist Eldzier Cortor's paintings were seldom seen in the mainstream art world: 
At this 80-acre preserve, find "a type-B experience in a type-A world" 
.@AOScott's movie review of "Creed" 
Read Part 1 in our Buying Power series: The families funding the 2016 presidential election 
Bruce Rauner and his allies wanted to remake Illinois. Then Illinois pushed back. 
RT @nytimesarts: "If he were a white artist, you wouldn’t be able to afford him now." 
They left Syria for a "beautiful life" in Michigan. But after the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 
The assignment: Design a holiday display to rival the tree at Rockefeller Center The result: 
RT @nytimestravel: Say so long to data charges. With Google’s offline maps, getting around gets cheaper. 
Colorado governor calls the shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic a "form of terrorism" 
Why China is increasingly vulnerable to the effects of climate change 
A new project aims to identify and recreate ancient wines drunk by the likes of King David and Jesus Christ 
Surt was the hometown and last refuge of Qaddafi, and ISIS’ roots there go back to the battle to remove him 
Will "personalized nutrition" transform healthy eating? 
RT @NYTSports: To win in the NFL, teams know they have to win the turnover battle 
2 studies call the police shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice in Cleveland "unreasonable" 
Tales of a warmer planet 
RT @nickconfessore: Why would a former Texas energy trader spend millions of dollars on Illinois politics? 
EU offers Turkey 3 billion euros to stop migrants from reaching Greece and other countries on Europe's outer fringe 
When a bag is based on math 
"No more baby parts," the suspect in the Planned Parenthood shooting rampage is said to have told police 
RT @nytfood: Rye flour is key to these brownies from @violetcakes 
Should you take that Facebook quiz? 
Adele's new album "25" sells a record-shattering 3.38 million copies 
Short answers to hard questions about climate change 
About 400 miles southeast of Sicily, Surt has become an actively managed colony of the central Islamic State 
RT @nytpolitics: Tulsi Gabbard is a workout warrior, yogi, combat veteran and Obama critic 
Getting "ugly" produce onto tables so it stays out of the trash 
Never before in modern Illinois politics have so few donors provided so much of the money for campaigns 
For addicts, fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
RT @NYTStyles: How Blake Mycoskie, founder of the Toms shoe company, is reimagining the retail experience. 
Miranda July on the missing support for working mothers 
The 1st major gay rights showdown since Houston rejected its anti-discrimination ordinance is shaping up in Florida 
RT @UpshotNYT: An Upshot Classic: How to make yourself go to the gym: 
The ex-wife of the suspect in the Colorado killings says he showed few signs of obsession 
He was addicted to distraction. Here's how he lost, and found, his focus. 
The NYT obituary for Norman C. Pickering, the 99-year-old who refined the record player 
The first public beheadings have started. The local radio stations no longer play music. Life in an ISIS colony: 
A definitive debunking of Donald Trump’s 9/11 claims 
American museums are recasting the history of 20th-century art to include black artists 
RT @NYTMetro: A bit of competition for the tree in Rockefeller Center. 
The suspect in the Colorado shooting, who made this RV his home, wanted "to be left alone" 
A sit-in at Amherst College was met with some criticism that students were trying to stifle free speech 
RT @EricSchmittNYT: ISIS’ grip on Libyan city expands its power in the country and gives it a fallback option 
Quote of the Day 
Read Part 1 in our Buying Power series: The families funding the 2016 presidential election 
Special Report: A handful of rich families set out to remake Illinois politics. Here’s what happened. 
Could a Major League Baseball team's minor league affiliate return to Havana? One group hopes so. 
RT @nytpolitics: A few rich families set out to remake Illinois. How far did they get? by @nickconfessore 
First Draft: Ted Cruz Attacks Marco Rubio on Privacy and Immigration 
ISIS tightens its grip on the Mediterranean port city of Surt, giving it a fallback option 
Fair Game: Working to Lower Drug Costs by Challenging Questionable Patents 
RT @nytopinion: Parisians won’t admit they go to the gym, let alone that they’re scared of terrorists. 
Tony Bennett finds his heart in Central Park 
RT @gerrymullany: Chris Christie Endorsed by Key New Hampshire Newspaper 
RT @nytopinion: Our digital culture has a bad case of analog fever. 
As a mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatic than socialist 
Kobani, a town scarred by ISIS and turned into a battleground, is trying to rebuild 
Abortion clinics around the U.S. have adopted increasingly elaborate security measures 
RT @FrankBruni: No governor has had a year like his. Are there bipartisan lessons in it? My interview and column. 
The near-impossibility of assimilation in Belgium 
Black Artists and the March Into the Museum 
RT @nytvideo: Worried about the erosion of Tibetan culture, one man takes his concerns to Beijing: 
RT @nytopinion: Like Spain in the 1930s, Syria is a divided country bled by an ideological proxy war: 
In ISIS's backyard in Syria, a dream of a secular utopia 
Buying Power: A Wealthy Governor and His Friends Are Remaking Illinois 
To save African penguins, zoos and aquariums are managing their love lives 
RT @nytopinion: Birth control pills should be easier to get. Two states are recognizing this. 
They left Syria for a "beautiful life" in Michigan. But after the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 
RT @nytopinion: .@realDonaldTrump "would create a million Hispanic Anne Franks, hiding in attics and basements." 
Why won't car dealers sell electric cars to customers? 
How @JustinBieber and @ArianaGrande used an award show to speed a comeback 
The words no New York subway rider wants to hear 
The holiday movie season, in trailers 
A clip of Obama singing "Amazing Grace" in Charleston is sampled on the new Coldplay album 
The murky laws surrounding hoverboards 
Hammer fists, elbowing out of chokeholds, fierce kicks. While in Louboutins. 
Sweaters for the slopes — or the streets 
Obama's legacy is at stake at the Paris climate change talks 
"5 seconds we stared at each other, and in that 5-second period those bullet holes came right through my windshield" 
The unsolved killings of transgender women in Argentina have jolted the country 
Randall Munroe, a former NASA roboticist turned web cartoonist, explains it all for us 
The writer, director and actress Frankie Shaw on the cycle of white men in Hollywood 
The battle to block ISIS on Twitter 
The Ethicist: Should my rich friends apply for financial aid? 
The 911 system isn't ready for the iPhone era 
Garages that park cars themselves might make your holiday shopping easier — but they've been full of mishaps 
"The chemical industry has inherited the mantle of Big Tobacco," writes @NickKristof 
How balloons pop 
Swatted: How Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police 
State of Terror: ISIS’ Grip on Libyan City Gives It a Fallback Option 
Google's new tools to help people find directions without the fear of data overage charges 
Your Sunday Mini Crossword 
When "Black-ish" star Yara Shahidi isn't taping her ABC sitcom, she's a full-time social activist 
14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 
Chinese families are looking for a safe place to invest. And American real estate is a very popular option. 
OMG! We literally can't even. (Welcome to death by Internet hyperbole.) 
RT @nytopinion: Remembering Sinatra in Hoboken and beyond 
Stanford 38, Notre Dame 36: Stanford Kick Sends Notre Dame’s Playoff Hopes Reeling 
First Draft: Chris Christie Endorsed by Key New Hampshire Newspaper 
$21 million: How much Lauren Bacall's 3-bedroom New York apartment was sold for. 
In this corner: our 1976 review of "Rocky" And in this corner: our 2015 review of "Creed" 
She runs a secret network of safe houses in Iraq. The women who come to it have been to the edge of hell and back. 
"If you still love her, and she’s not yet married, you have to tell her." (He did. It worked.) 
The good news about the Jets: How well they tend to play after halftime. The bad: They have to play the first half. 
After a Defeat in Houston, the Fight for Gay Rights Shifts to Jacksonville 
Adele's thoughts on "Hello" and 6 other songs on "25" 
These girls stood before top Boy Scout brass and made an announcement: We want in. 
A century ago, Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
Tulsi Gabbard, Rising Democratic Star From Hawaii, Makes Mark on Party by Defying It 
Look-at-me-don’t-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 
Keeping Score: With Steve Kerr Sidelined, Warriors’ Perfect Start Raises Questions of Credit 
RT @nytopinion: From one winner of the "bad sex" award to another. 
Holiday gift ideas curated by New York Times editors and critics 
Robert Dear, Suspect in Colorado Killings, ‘Preferred to Be Left Alone’ 
Accused Colorado gunman left behind trail of disputes and occasionally violent acts 
RT @NYTMetro: Priced out and moving on, African-Americans and West Indians are leaving Crown Heights. 
Olene Walker, Utah’s First Female Governor, Dies at 85 
After being brutally beaten and getting a $450K settlement, he was trying to move. In the end, he couldn't escape. 
Ryan Gosling: “I thought I knew, but I didn’t really know anything at all.” 
RT @NYTSports: With Warriors' perfect start, the question is, which coach gets the credit? 
Here are some of Donald Trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question 
Police Transmissions of Colorado Springs Siege 
When is a store window more than just a window? When it's holiday season in New York 
A brief glossary of Internet hyperbole: - THIS - a;lsdkjfa;lsdkgjs; - I can't even 
Fury Ends Klitschko’s Heavyweight Reign With Shocking Defeat 
How Chinese cash is making some U.S. housing less affordable 
Siege Highlights Security Used in Abortion Clinics 
100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 
The Planned Parenthood shooting has highlighted the elaborate security used at abortion clinics 
Few of the Republican candidates offered any response to the Planned Parenthood shooting 
A man once imprisoned in Guantánamo is leading a fight against ISIS and the Taliban 
The @AOScott review of "The Danish Girl," starring Eddie Redmayne 
A 17-year-old who witnessed the Colorado shooting had seen another one weeks earlier. "She's a veteran now." 
There's something for everyone in The New York Times 2015 holiday gift guide 🎁 
Climate change has become a hallmark for Obama's second term, and potentially a signature achievement. 
Authorities shed no light on whether Colorado gunman deliberately targeted Planned Parenthood or just ended up there 
Accused Colorado gunman left behind a trail of disputes and occasionally violent acts 
Some turn to church; others, to CrossFit 
Chinese schools have been ordered to move away from teaching Tibetan. Tibetans fear their culture will be wiped out. 
$21 million: How much Lauren Bacall's 3-bedroom New York apartment was sold for. 
RT @nytopinion: The refugee crisis shows the failure of the president's approach to politics - @Peter_Wehner 
Putin orders sanctions against Turkey, after the downing of a Russian warplane by Turkey 
Marco Rubio bets the Grand Old Party is ready for his younger face 
“Someones opening fire,” she wrote. “Whaaaat the?” he replied, adding an expletive. 
Kentucky was the only Southern state to embrace the Affordable Care Act. Now it may be moving a different direction 
RT @NYTMetro: There are 192 different languages spoken in the New York metropolitan area. 
Big companies like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola are putting their money where their trash is 
100 notable books of 2015, from the NYT Book Review 
"He lifted his shirt up and he had holes in his chest." A scene of chaos during Planned Parenthood shooting: 
On a spot where some of Uganda's first Christians were burned to death, Pope Francis offers Mass for Ugandans. 
After being brutally beaten and getting a $450K settlement, he was trying to move. In the end, he couldn't escape. 
Obama on the Planned Parenthood shooting: "Enough is enough" 
RT @NYTSports: For Ohio State-Michigan today, @TBDBITL is going to put on a show 
This couple couldn’t decide where to live. So they moved to a different NYC neighborhood every month 
Find the best present ideas for everyone on your holiday shopping list 
The officer killed in Colorado, Garrett Swasey, was a father of 2 and had been a nationally ranked figure skater 
Attackers suspected of being jihadists killed 3 people at a U.N. base in Mali 
Chinese families are looking for a safe place to invest. And American real estate is a very popular option. 
"5 seconds we stared at each other, and in that 5-second period those bullet holes came right through my windshield" 
Who's being fined for water use in dry California? Stingy users, not the rich water hogs. 
A 17-year-old who witnessed the Colorado shooting had seen another one weeks earlier. "She's a veteran now." 
She runs a secret network of safe houses in Iraq. The women who come to it have been to the edge of hell and back. 
At climate talks, nations will not set a cap on total greenhouse gases, as recommended by scientists 
OMG! We literally can't even. (Welcome to death by Internet hyperbole.) 
Quote of the Day 
Republican candidates are cursing in public more often, and they're doing it on purpose 
Officials have identified man held in Planned Parenthood shooting as Robert Lewis Dear 
A Tibetan’s Journey for Justice 
RT @NYTMetro: 2015 was supposed to be a year of new beginnings for Robert Hinton. He was killed Friday. 
RT @nytimesbooks: The New York Times Book Review's 100 Notable Books of 2015: 
RT @meslackman: Her testimony was an acknowledgment of how little the Security Council had done to take women’s rights seriously. 
"He lifted his shirt up and he had holes in his chest." A scene of chaos during Planned Parenthood shooting: 
Police officer killed in shootout at a Planned Parenthood center is remembered as a loving father and courageous man 
During Planned Parenthood Shooting, a Scene of Fear and Chaos at Nearby Shopping Center 
RT @NYTMetro: Amid rapid gentrification, some longtime residents of Crown Heights are leaving the country. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Macau's casinos are struggling amid China's economic slowdown and corruption crackdown. 
A man once imprisoned in Guantánamo Bay is leading the fight against ISIS and the Taliban 
RT @NYTFashion: 3 tips on what to wear this holiday ­season 
Bill Cosby gave away the bride. And the best man was O.J. Simpson. 
Tibetan Fights to Salvage His Fading Culture in China 
After spending 4 years in Guantánamo, Hajji Ghalib wanted to go home and live peacefully. Nobody let him do that. 
RT @NYTSports: If you could ask for any holiday sports gift, what would it be? You name it, we'll print it: 
The Return of Werner Erhard, Father of Self-Help 
Paris Climate Talks Avoid Scientists’ Goal of ‘Carbon Budget’ 
RT @nytpolitics: A plan to repeal farm cuts shows talking about budget-balancing is easier than doing it. 
Some turn to church; others, to CrossFit 
She's become Beijing's worst nightmare 
RT @nytpolitics: The 2016 profanity primary: Gone are the days of "H-E-double-hockey-sticks." 
RT @nytimesphoto: For Syrian refugees, a new path to freedom through the Arctic Circle involves bicycles 
RT @UpshotNYT: Try our N.F.L. playoff simulator to see where your favorite team stands. 
The outcry against Syrian refugees has some Japanese-Americans revisiting dark memories of internment camps 
RT @nytimesarts: Seeing art for the holidays: a New York visitor's guide 
RT @nytvideo: Nohemi Gonzalez, killed in the Paris attacks, had been pursuing her dreams in design 
Attack on U.N. Base in Northern Mali Causes Casualties 
RT @nytimesarts: Scott Fagan's second chance after close calls left him a near-footnote to music history. 
An Indonesian Muslim organization has launched a global campaign against jihadism 
RT @NYTFashion: How a radical feminist T-shirt came to have an Internet fashion moment 
As we search for our first David Carr Fellow, we've been reminded how much David continues to inspire journalists 
France's day of mourning was tinged with patriotism, solemnity and no lack of defiance 
The holiday movie season in trailers 
Police officer killed in shootout at a Planned Parenthood center is remembered as a loving father and courageous man 
This couple couldn’t decide where to live. So they moved to a different NYC neighborhood every month for a year 
RT @nytimesworld: He was once imprisoned in Guantánamo. Now he leads the fight against ISIS and the Taliban. 
“Everybody’s always looking for the next art neighborhood. It’s going to happen here." 
RT @nytimestravel: Adelaide, Australia’s unsung city, is the focus of our latest 36 Hours: 
RT @nytopinion: What does a small spike in murder rates nationwide tell us about crime? Not much. 
How Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
RT @nytimestravel: How to travel to (and in) Cuba 
A police officer and 2 civilians were killed in a shootout at a Planned Parenthood clinic. Suspect is in custody 
RT @nytfood: Make a pizza in about the time it takes to wait for the delivery man 
RT @nytopinion: They fled ISIS: "How should we, the rest of the world, treat these women?" #NYTLetters 
RT @NYTNational: “16 shots! 13 months!” Chicago protesters on Laquan McDonald police shooting 
Sandi Toksvig, a founder of the Women's Equality Party in Britain: “I’m done waiting” 
Garrett Swasey, police officer killed in Colorado, is described as an "absolute man of courage" 
Stephen Curry​: A point guard with Baryshnikov's grace 
Eldzier Cortor, Painter of Scenes From African-American Social Life, Dies at 99 
Breaking News: Colorado officials have identified the man held in the clinic shootings as Robert Lewis Dear 
He lost his sisters and 13 close friends in the Paris attacks 
Ousted founder of Men’s Wearhouse admits a touch of schadenfreude as the company struggles 
RT @NYTSports: Kobe Bryant’s decline puts the Lakers on the wrong side of history 
Heat 97, Knicks 78: With Little Bench Relief, Knicks Run Out of Steam 
A police officer and 2 civilians were killed in a shootout at a Planned Parenthood clinic. Suspect is in custody 
Anti-Muslim is anti-American, writes @CharlesMBlow 
Road to Robotic Parking Is Littered With Faulty Projects 
Japanese internment camp survivors discuss the backlash against Syrian refugees 
Breast-feeding is good for mothers, not just babies, studies suggest 
Breast-feeding is good for mothers, not just babies, studies suggest 
Adele is selling more albums than anyone in the music business thought was still possible 
Paris Attacks Darken Tone of G.O.P. Campaign Ads 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Adele, a 27-year-old mom who pretty much ignores social media, is selling more albums than anyone thought possible. ht… Nov 28, 2015 

Breaking News: Colorado officials say three people have died in shootings at a Planned Parenthood center 
Ryan Gosling: “I thought I knew, but I didn’t really know anything at all.” 
Here are some of Donald Trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Adele's new album goes viral -- even as she shuns streaming music and social media. 
Colorado Suspect in Custody 
A 27-year-old mother who barely uses social media is selling more albums than anyone thought was still possible 
How the birth of farming may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 
Look-at-me-don’t-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 
Cellphone Recording Leads to Arrest of Brazilian Senator on Obstruction Charges 
The NYT obituary for Cynthia Robinson, Sly and the Family Stone trumpet player 
Gunman arrested after shootout at Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs 
Gunfire Exchange in Colorado Springs 
They came to a Donald Trump rally to get extra credit for a class. They were about to become part of the lesson. 
RT @nytimesphoto: They left Syria in 2013 for a camp in Jordan and arrived in Detroit last week. Their story 
Breaking News: Police in Colorado Springs have detained the suspect who was holed up in a Planned Parenthood clinic 
RT @NYTArchives: Gay rights activist Harvey Milk is assassinated, this day in 1978. 
Bill Gates Expected to Create Billion-Dollar Fund for Clean Energy 
Some presidential candidates are trying a new tactic to break through the din: cursing 
RT @nytpolitics: What's a four-letter word for drawing attention as a candidate for president? 
A map of the Colorado Springs area where a gunman exchanged fire with police 
RT @NYTMetro: Undocumented immigrant laborers are paying the price for New York City's building boom. 
The Women's Equality Party in Britain has an ambition others do not share: to put itself out of business 
This couple couldn’t decide where to live. So they moved to a different NYC neighborhood every month for a year 
RT @NYTStyles: Stop trying to snap that perfect 45-degree angle selfie. Join the 'finstagram' rebellion. 
Adele is selling more albums than anyone in the music business thought was still possible 
A gunman in Colorado Springs has wounded at least 8 people including 4 officers 
RT @NYTStyles: “If you still love her, and she’s not yet married, you have to tell her." 
Breaking News: A man in a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado is exchanging gunfire with the police 
A look back at Jimi Hendrix's 1969 performance at Woodstock 
RT @nytimesbusiness: “I’m sorry if I ruined your day” ~ a Best Buy manager to people waiting in the rain for TVs 
RT @UpshotNYT: You are seeing the results of more online polls. They aren't always accurate. @Nate_Cohn explains. 
Two weeks after the Paris terrorist attacks, France observes a national day of mourning 
In a service tinged with solemnity and defiance, Paris mourns the 130 victims of attacks 
RT @NYTMetro: The sobering cost of New York City's building boom: Construction deaths have surged. 
A former Guantánamo detainee is leading the fight against ISIS and the Taliban 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Black Friday has offered deals for some, but silence and disappointment for others 
RT @NYTSports: A closer look at the numbers shows the Rangers aren't as good as their record would suggest 
Authorities in Colorado Springs are investigating reports of a gunman firing shots near a Planned Parenthood clinic 
RT @nytfood: .@Nigella_Lawson's bang bang turkey and more Black Friday recipes 
RT @nytimestravel: Essays by expats, travelers & writers examine Paris as it tries to reconnect with its soul: 
The downing of a Russian warplane by Turkey threatens to lead to a wholesale breach in the countries’ relations 
RT @nytimesworld: Paris is slowly coming to terms with a new vulnerability 
RT @nytvideo: The plight of Syrian refugees hits home with Japanese-Americans. One man recalls life at a U.S. internment camp: 
RT @jasondhorowitz: Bernie Sanders boasts of his gay rights record, but in Vermont he was seen as less than a leader on the issue. 
RT @NYTmag: Edmund de Waal thinks we’re not touching enough. 
RT @nytimestheater: The Tony Awards will be delayed by a week next year, and will return to the Beacon Theater 
RT @NYTArchives: NYT's first use of "Black Friday" to describe the day after Thanksgiving in 1975. 
From a Nairobi slum, Pope Francis delivered his sharpest remarks yet on his first trip to Africa 
RT @nytpolitics: He voted against Defense of Marriage Act in 1996, but his explanation has changed over time. 
Gene-edited animals are already being raised on farms — some for food, some to fight disease, some, perhaps, as pets 
RT @UpshotNYT: A most fascinating story of massive student debt -- and the role the federal government plays in letting it pile up. 
RT @nytimesworld: The pope denounces injustice and "new forms of colonialism" after a visit to a Kenyan slum. 
The NYT obituary for Cynthia Robinson, Sly and the Family Stone trumpet player 
RT @nytopinion: From the archives: I found our Rockwell-esque Thanksgiving banal. But for my immigrant parents, it was anything but. 
RT @NYTNational: These cows were gene edited to be hornless, and may be the future on 4 legs 
RT @NYTSports: Fantasy sports’ real crime: dehumanizing the athletes, says @WCRhoden 
Japanese internment camp survivors discuss the backlash against Syrian refugees 
The New York Times 2015 holiday gift guide is finally here 🎁 
Construction deaths and injuries have far outpaced the rate of new projects in New York City 
RT @NYTMetro: Mixing whimsy and prudence at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 
As Gay Rights Ally, Bernie Sanders Wasn’t Always in Vanguard 
Paris is coming to terms with the idea that the Nov. 13 attacks are unlikely to be the last 
Shrinking access to confidential records threatens to weaken government watchdogs 
RT @nytimesworld: The backlash against Syrian refugees recalls dark memories for Japanese-Americans 
RT @NYTSports: Want more football? Here are the best college football games to watch on Friday. 
RT @davidwchen: My deep dive into NYC's surge in construction accidents - most of them avoidable - and their anonymous victims 
Donald Trump denies that he mocked the appearance of a New York Times reporter with a physical disability 
Migrants arriving in Germany are facing a chaotic reception in Berlin 
World War III 
Busy morning? Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
In less than a month, Canada has executed a complete about-face on global climate change 
To shop or not to shop on Black Friday, and where 
Why won't Americans eat "ugly" produce? 
Turkey Seeks to Ease Tensions Over Shooting Down of Russian Jet 
President Xi Jinping of China has announced a major reorganization of the nation’s military 
The British don't celebrate Thanksgiving, of course, but they have embraced Black Friday 
As mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatist than socialist 
Busy morning? Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
How to find better deals than Black Friday's 
RT @NYTSports: If Britain wins the Davis Cup, it may have an unassuming Canadian to thank 
Busy morning? Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
New York Today: New York Today: The Real Deal 
Tighter Lid on Records Threatens to Weaken Government Watchdogs 
Scientists are mining Greenland’s icy environment to understand how climate change will alter the rest of the globe 
RT @nytopinion: Editorial Board: The case against Woodrow Wilson at @Princeton 
RT @nytimesworld: The lead-up to the invasion of Iraq holds lessons for leaders as they talk of war with ISIS 
RT @nytimesworld: Putin accused Turkey of ruining diplomatic relations; Erdogan said he would shoot down Russian plane all over again 
RT @nytimestravel: Essays by expats, travelers & writers examine Paris as it tries to reconnect with its soul: 
RT @NYTFashion: Fabulous dresses to kick off the holiday season 
Carly Fiorina's nomadic childhood helped build her worldview 
RT @nytimestravel: Along Sunset Boulevard, there are stars on the menus as well. 
2 Arrested Over Attack on Luxury Hotel in Mali 
RT @nytvideo: Protesters at Donald J. Trump's campaign event in Columbus, Ohio, were booed and yelled at, and ordered removed: 
RT @NYTSports: The secrets of a Japanese horse-breeding empire 
The British don't celebrate Thanksgiving, of course, but they have embraced Black Friday 
Review: ‘The Danish Girl,’ About a Transgender Pioneer 
The NYT review of "The Danish Girl," starring Eddie Redmayne 
The Paris attacks have awakened a patriotic fervor in France not seen in decades 
RT @NYTmag: A journalist travels to Rojava, a place with the dream of utopia in ISIS' backyard. 
She's become Beijing's worst nightmare 
Tensions are heating up over Turkey’s downing of a Russian warplane 
The places where you can't easily shop these days 
World War III 
Hoverboards, a coveted holiday item, run afoul of some laws 
RT @nytimesarts: Which "Nutcracker" is right for you? 
Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police. It's a crime that's hard to stop. 
RT @tmagazine: Before and after: New York City landmarks get dressed for the holidays 
Photos: Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 
Your Friday Mini Crossword 
RT @nytimesworld: Indonesia's message of tolerance is seen as a welcome antidote to jihadism. 
RT @tmagazine: Two holiday-ready cocktail recipes: the Hickory Daiquiri Dock and the Conjunction Junction Old Fashioned 
N.F. L. Roundup: Tony Romo Injured in Rout by Panthers 
Look-at-me-don’t-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 
Black Friday Retail Workers Try to Make the Most of a Shopping Slump 
RT @nytimesarts: So many holiday movies, so little time. A look at the trailers: 
When cupid is a prying journalist 
Mixing Whimsy and Prudence at the Thanksgiving Day Parade 
RT @NYTSports: A closer look at the numbers shows the Rangers aren't as good as their record would suggest 
It was among the most memorable moments in the history of Thanksgiving football broadcasts 
He lost his sisters and 13 close friends in the Paris attacks 
She's become Beijing's worst nightmare 
Why Thanksgiving is today 
Donald Trump Says His Mocking of New York Times Reporter Was Misread 
Today was a turkey day. For your next holiday feast, go with goose. 
How Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
Anti-Muslim is anti-American, writes @CharlesMBlow 
For Japanese-Americans, Resistance to Syrian Refugees Recalls Long-Ago Fears 
Ousted founder of Men’s Wearhouse admits a touch of schadenfreude as the company struggles 
A photographer's work on Islam in Bangladesh took on added meaning after it opened in Paris 
Man Scales White House Fence as Obamas Celebrate Thanksgiving Inside 
Human Rights Advocacy Costs a Canadian a Shot at Miss World 
They came to a Donald Trump rally to get extra credit for a class. They were about to become part of the lesson. 
Is Noël Wells "the coolest, funniest thing going" in Aziz Ansari's "Master of None"? 
These girls stood before top Boy Scout brass and made an announcement: We want in. 
RT @nytopinion: The “winter antidepressant” balloon didn’t make the parade. 
An infant, breast-feeding and a wedding. The @NYTMag Ethicist weighs in. 
RT @nytimesarts: Don't know what to get the music and movie lover on your list for the holidays? We can help. 
Here are some of Donald Trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question 
How the birth of farming may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 
RT @nytpolitics: Thanksgiving through the years with presidents, their families, and turkeys (some survived). 
RT @sewellchan: Burkina Faso, a year after an uprising toppled the president, goes to the polls on Sunday: 
RT @nytimesarts: When you're finished with the turkey, binge on these TV shows 
8 short word games, from easy to hard, that can be played with your whole family 
Watch Tom Hooper narrate a scene from "The Danish Girl," starring Eddie Redmayne 
Climate research at the end of the world 
Who's being fined for water use in dry California? Stingy users, not the rich water hogs. 
RT @nytpolitics: Before her rise, Carly Fiorina was Carleton Sneed, daughter of a well-known legal figure. 
Why Thanksgiving is today 
How to find better deals than Black Friday's 
RT @UpshotNYT: A political scientist explains how to talk to your relatives about politics. 
Two weeks after the Paris attacks, France is gearing up for a monumental security challenge 
To shop or not to shop on Black Friday, and where 
Tensions are heating up over Turkey’s downing of a Russian warplane 
RT @NYTArchives: 1894 discussion of how Thanksgiving was celebrated a half century prior. 
Ousted founder of Men’s Wearhouse admits a touch of schadenfreude as the company struggles 
RT @nytimestravel: The houses Frank Lloyd Wright designed in a Chicago suburb hinted at his work to come. 
The holiday movie season in trailers 
In what city is Thanksgiving turkey most popular? Take @UpshotNYT's quiz. 
World War III 
In Miami, the brainy side of the beach 
RT @gettleman: Remember the poor. Respect the youth. Protect the unborn. The pope's message in Kenya. 
Bill Cosby gave away the bride. And his best man was O.J. Simpson. 
What to binge watch with which members of your Thanksgiving clan 
Belgium lowered its terror attack alert level for Brussels 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Apple has held a total of $186.9 billion abroad to avoid paying taxes in America 
Migrants arriving in Germany are facing a chaotic reception in Berlin 
In one of many efforts to restore its reputation, FIFA donated $1.2 million worth of watches to charity 
The New York Times 2015 holiday gift guide is finally here 🎁 
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 
It was among the most memorable moments in the history of Thanksgiving football broadcasts 
RT @nytvideo: A lot to be thankful for: One pardoned turkey is now "Totus" (turkey of the United States) 
Last-minute Thanksgiving ideas and tips 
Pecan pie truffles may be the most intense holiday goodie you've ever tried 
The expanding web of connections among the Paris attackers 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos from the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York 
Pope Francis celebrated mass in Kenya 
He lost his sisters and 13 close friends in the Paris attacks 
RT @tminsberg: Always wanted to join @nytfood editor @SamSifton for Thanksgiving? Now you can - follow 'thenytimes' on Snapchat🍴 
These Thanksgiving appetizers are ready in no time 
The Paris attacks have awakened a patriotic fervor in France not seen in decades 
RT @jasondhorowitz: They went to a Trump rally for extra credit in history class but became part of the lesson. My view from the crowd. htt… Nov 26, 2015 

Hosting Thanksgiving dinner? Here are some dos and don'ts 
This Thanksgiving, there’s plenty to be grateful for in sports 
Quote of the Day 
Fantasy sports’ real crime: Dehumanizing the athletes 
RT @jasondhorowitz: “Sneeed. It’s almost Dickensian in a way.” On the very unDickensian upbringing of Carly Fiorina, aka Carleton Sneed. ht… Nov 26, 2015 

Look-at-me-don’t-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 
For Carly Fiorina, Peripatetic Childhood Helped Build Worldview 
On Thanksgiving weekend, some are asking: Is Black Friday over? 
8 short word games, from easy to hard, that can be played with your whole family 
Why won't Americans eat "ugly" produce? 
Forget turducken. It’s piecaken time. 
Macy’s historic wooden escalators survive $400 million renovation 
Xi Jinping Announces Overhaul of China’s Military Forces 
It doesn't get more festive than this cranberry curd tart 
RT @nytimesworld: United Arab Emirates secretly sends Colombian mercenaries to train and fight Yemen's war. 
How to make a pie crust 
RT @nytimesbusiness: As big retailers ready for Black Friday, some small businesses are going the other extreme 
Thanksgiving TV: Plan Your Other Binge 
Your guide to cooking a Thanksgiving turkey 
David Cameron Bolsters Call for Lawmakers to Authorize Syrian Airstrikes 
RT @nytopinion: What President Woodrow Wilson cost my grandfather 
What role should test scores play in teacher evaluations? New York is still deciding 
RT @nytopinion: “We choose our echo chambers, but not our families.” Thanksgiving fights are good for you. 
RT @NYTScience: This Thanksgiving, let's talk about science 
Paris Attacks Have Many in France Eager to Join the Fight 
RT @NYTSports: How does it feel to punch someone in the face? "Not to sound barbaric, but it's awesome." 
As a mayor, Bernie Sanders was more pragmatic than socialist 
Climate Research at the End of the World 
RT @nytimesbusiness: The price of a tube of gel to treat cutaneous T cell lymphoma rose to about $30,320 from $1,687 in 2009 
Is Hillary Clinton's challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curtain? 
RT @nytfood: It's all about the gravy 
From Indonesia, a Muslim Challenge to the Ideology of the Islamic State 
RT @nytopinion: Chris Christie's formula for reviving his campaign: 1 part fear, 1 part selective memory and 1 part intolerance. 
In this corner: our 1976 review of "Rocky" And in this corner: our 2015 review of "Creed" 
RT @nytfood: Mashed, roasted, boiled or fried 
RT @nytrealestate: Tip Sheet for First-Time Buyers: 
RT @nytimesworld: A heartbreaking story of a corner bistro in Paris where 19 people died 
RT @nytimesarts: Why ballet dancers love the basketball player Stephen Curry 
After the Paris attacks, regulating the flow of refugees in Europe has gained urgency 
Ryan Gosling: “I thought I knew, but I didn’t really know anything at all.” 
RT @nytimesarts: Eagles of Death Metal’s singer vows to return to Paris: “I want to be the first band to play in the Bataclan” 
North and South Korea Move Toward High-Level Talks 
Many doctors are unaware of the HIV-preventing drug Truvada 
It's that time of year again. Introducing The New York Times​ 2015 holiday gift guide. 
RT @nytimesworld: NYT readers offer views on civil liberties vs. security restrictions in preventing terrorism 
RT @nytopinion: Hundreds of readers weighed in on "What Wilson Cost My Grandfather." Read their stories: 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Black Friday falters. 
RT @nytimesarts: “If my music can comfort anyone and make them feel like, ‘I’m not the only one,’ that’s my job done.” Adele on "25": 
Range of frustrations reached boil as Turkey shot down Russian jet 
RT @nytopinion: Conservatives have competition for the future identity of Saudi Arabia, writes @tomfriedman 
Laws Struggle to Keep Up as Hoverboards’ Popularity Soars 
Google's new tools to help people find directions without the fear of data overage charges 
No, kissing bugs are not a new scourge 
RT @nytfood: Brown butter skillet cornbread. So easy, so good 
RT @nytopinion: Editorial Board: Princeton should erase the name of Woodrow Wilson, an unrepentant racist 
Brandon Smith, reporter who forced release of Laquan McDonald video is barred from news conference 
No Charges for Mother Who Left Newborn at Queens Church, Prosecutor Says 
There’s a smarter way to shop this holiday season than relying on Black Friday 
8 short word games, from easy to hard, that can be played with your whole family 
Despite Global Events, U.S. Gasoline Prices Remain Low 
Mack McCormick, Student of Texas Blues, Dies at 85 
RT @nytfood: Turkey cook times 
Decorating Homes With Pilgrims and Turkeys Before Elves and Reindeer 
Pillow fights at West Point are banned after injuries 
RT @Stcrow: Full moon, White House. Happy Thanksgiving! 
RT @NYTMetro: A Muslim college student describes her fear after the Paris attacks: 
A skateboard with an electric motor is this year's must-have gift. What could go wrong? 
Black Leaders in Chicago Push for Investigation of Police Department 
RT @nytopinion: Editorial Board: Princeton should erase the name of Woodrow Wilson, an unrepentant racist 
Forget turducken. It’s piecaken time. 
RT @nytfood: Recipes for a last-minute Thanksgiving 
The New York Times​ 2015 holiday gift guide has arrived 🎁 
How to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic gag 
F.S.U. Reported Few Rape Cases to the U.S. 
Look-at-me-don’t-look-at-me stunts have become a rite for modern celebrities 
After Paris Attacks, Ties That Bind Patrons at a Cafe Also Burn 
How to make a pie crust 
Photos of presidential thanksgivings 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Thanksgiving quiz: Who is eating what, and where are they eating it? 
RT @nytgraphics: The cascade of errors that led to US airstrike on MSF hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. 
No, the tryptophan in turkey won’t make you sleepy 
RT @nytimesarts: Eagles of Death Metal, the band onstage at the Bataclan during the Paris attacks, has spoken out in a new interview 
RT @NYTNow: Your evening briefing is here, catch up quickly on what happened today 
Brandon Smith, reporter who forced release of Laquan McDonald video is barred from news conference 
Macy’s historic wooden escalators survive $400 million renovation 
Fantasy sports’ real crime: Dehumanizing the athletes 
Hacking collectives are trying to fight ISIS, but reactions are mixed 
On the eve of Thanksgiving weekend, some are asking: Is Black Friday over? 
Pecan pie truffles may be the most intense holiday goodie you've ever tried 
RT @nytpolitics: A Justice Dept. vs. Koch brothers showdown with Congress and the White House in the middle. 
"I’m frightened": After Paris attacks, NYC Muslims cope with a backlash 
8 short word games, from easy to hard, that can be played with your whole family 
For many, Thanksgiving is one big excuse to eat lots of stuffing (
RT @NYTSports: Frank Gifford was found to have C.T.E., a degenerative brain disease, family says 
It's that time of year again. Introducing The New York Times​ 2015 holiday gift guide. 
The battle to block ISIS on Twitter 
Stephen Curry​: A point guard with Baryshnikov's grace 
RT @NYTMotherlode: How DO all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose? @garyrudoren investigates 
Forget turducken. It’s piecaken time. 
How to shop smart (and avoid dud deals) this holiday season 
Obama: No known terror threat to the U.S. before Thanksgiving 
RT @gettleman: Here's pope's ``limo'' - a humble little Honda, nearly swallowed by armada of black Mercedes en route to State House 
"Karibu Kenya, Papa Francis!" 
Swatted: How Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police 
RT @NYTMetro: Muslims in New York and elsewhere are dealing with a backlash after terrorist attacks. 
The small business backlash to Black Friday 
The U.S. military has suspended several service members over last month's Kunduz hospital strike 
E. coli outbreak linked to Costco chicken salad, CDC says 
Becoming modern: The Met’s mission at the Breuer Building 
Why won't Americans eat "ugly" produce? 
The murky laws surrounding hoverboards 
RT @nytrealestate: New Video: Block by Block, Jackson Heights. (167 languages spoken): 
RT @NYTMetro: That Manhattan dentist accused of trading work for meth? He was high when he spoke with an informer, his lawyer says 
In this corner: our 1976 review of "Rocky" And in this corner: our 2015 review of "Creed" 
The absurd, gorgeous atomic-age creations from Betty Crocker 
Is Hillary Clinton's challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curtain? 
Few players in the NBA have a more graceful plié than @StephenCurry33 
Have last-minute Thanksgiving questions? Join us for a Facebook Q&A, happening now: 
Hosting Thanksgiving dinner? Here are some dos and don'ts 
RT @nytvideo: The only American known to have died in the Paris attacks had a "zest for life." 
100 years ago, Albert Einstein set down the equation that rules the universe. On Instagram: 
RT @nytfood: .@SamSifton will answer your Thanksgiving cooking questions today at 11:30 a.m. EST 
RT @nytpolitics: The Koch brothers have a secret weapon to reach Hispanic voters. It's called Libre. 
Looking for a break from the campaign? Stay away from the TV 
Joyce Carol Oates on Twitter: Is nothing "joyous" in ISIS? 
Sweaters for the slopes — or the streets 
Busy morning? Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
RT @nytimesarts: "Rocky" vs. "Creed": a critical comparison of the two movies: 
RT @NYTScience: When Einstein's theory of general relativity was announced, explaining it wasn't easy 
Swatted: How Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police 
She was a model and a muse. But her place in history was secured by her work on the other side of the lens 
The small business backlash to Black Friday 
Behind Russian Jet’s Downing, Building Tensions and Frustrations for Turkey 
Busy morning? Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Russia says the navigator of the jet that was shot down Tuesday has been rescued 
Something skipped on a lake: _ _ _ _ _ Try our Wednesday mini crossword: 
What role should test scores play in teacher evaluations? New York is still deciding 
RT @salvesergio: The Origins of Jihadist-Inspired Attacks in the U.S. 
The United Arab Emirates has secretly sent Colombian mercenaries to fight in Yemen 
RT @nytfood: There's still time to figure this Thanksgiving thing out 
.@AOScott's movie review of "Creed" 
Busy morning? Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
“How would they know that?" Trump, on historians who say he put up a phony Civil War plaque. "Were they there?” 
Pope Francis begins his first trip to Africa today 
RT @NYTMetro: Read the note a juror in the Sheldon Silver trial gave the judge pleading to be excused. 
Newborn baby is left in a nativity scene at a Queens church 
New York Today: New York Today: Ways to Give Thanks 
Navigator Rescued After Turkey Shot Down Warplane, Russia Says 
A definitive debunking of Donald Trump’s 9/11 claims 
Turing Pharmaceuticals refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis drug 
RT @DarcyNYT: 1951: The New York housewife out to do her Thanksgiving Day shopping. The Lively Morgue: 
Breast-feeding may be good for mothers, not just babies 
Warriors Make History With 16th Straight Win 
RT @nytopinion: The Pfizer-Allergan merger is a tax-dodging maneuver that shortchanges the public. 
South Korea Says It’s Working to Halt Refugees’ Return to North 
Should you take that Facebook quiz? 
"White Student Union" Facebook groups set off concerns at college campuses 
RT @NYTStyles: "Only a few more shopping days left until your loved ones find out how little you understand them." 
2 Paris attackers were planning a final assault, prosecutor says 
Adele's thoughts on "Hello" and 6 other songs on "25" 
RT @nytimesworld: A peace offering on a plate of hummus. 
RT @nytimesworld: French Amb. Gerard Araud is very French but not very diplomatic. His role post-Paris attacks 
Why car salesmen don’t want to sell electric cars 
RT @nytimestravel: Essays by expats, travelers & writers, taking the long view of Paris post-terror attack: 
Ryan Gosling: “I thought I knew, but I didn’t really know anything at all.” 
RT @nytimesbusiness: The largest drug maker in America says moving its headquarters to Ireland is actually good for the United States. http… Nov 25, 2015 

Warriors 111, Lakers 77: Warriors Rout Lakers and Set Record for N.B.A.’s Best Start 
RT @NYTScience: The Blue Origin rocket went up, and it came down in one piece in a test launch 
What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 
How Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
RT @nytvideo: Video shows Laquan McDonald shot and killed by Officer Jason Van Dyke in Chicago last year 
Terror threat puts Belgium’s tribal squabbles in harsh light 
Takata Said to Have Manipulated Testing Data for Troubled Airbag Inflaters 
RT @nytopinion: Why punish drug users at all? 
RT @NYTOpenSource: Anger at Turkey’s ‘Stab in the Back’ Fills Russian Social Networks and Airwaves 
RT @nytimesarts: Adele’s “25” is easily shaping up to be the best-selling LP of 2015. Here she tells the stories behind seven songs: 
Q. and A.: Who are the Turkmens of Syria? 
Coca-Cola’s top scientist, who orchestrated obesity research, is leaving 
RT @ScottCacciola: Steph Curry, Artist: 
Chicken salad from Costco implicated in E. coli infections 
RT @nytfood: Stuffing vs. dressing, explained 
Where Americans are planning to travel for Thanksgiving 
RT @nytpolitics: Kentucky's governor restores voting rights to thousands of felons. 
Laquan McDonald video is just one of many putting race and policing into sharp relief 
Demonstrators in Minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest. More photos of the day 
A definitive debunking of Donald Trump’s 9/11 claims 
Manhattan dentist’s lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with informer 
.@AOScott's movie review of "Creed" 
Turing Pharmaceuticals refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis drug 
Stephen Curry​: A point guard with Baryshnikov's grace 
RT @nytimestheater: The famous gams of the Rockettes once again are kicking off the holiday season 
"White Student Union" Facebook groups set off concerns at college campuses 
RT @NYTHealth: Cervical cancer is being diagnosed earlier in young women since the Affordable Care Act became law 
Car dealers have met the car they won’t sell. It’s electric. 
Why Coney Island has provided "an interesting kind of crazy" for 150 years 
Greet Thanksgiving out-of-towners with this grown-up version of mac and cheese 
2 Paris attackers were planning a final assault, prosecutor says 
RT @nytopinion: If it’s a lie too vile to utter aloud, count on Trump to say it, often. 
RT @nytgraphics: Chicago officials released a dashcam video of the killing of a black 17-year-old in 2014. 
Ryan Gosling: “I thought I knew, but I didn’t really know anything at all.” 
Newborn baby is left in a nativity scene at a Queens church 
RT @nytgraphics: Comparing what Russia and Turkey say happened in the downing of a Russian warplane. 
The Laquan McDonald video gave a chilling depiction of the fatal shooting, which occurred in a matter of seconds 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Swatted: How Internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police 
Few players in the NBA have a more graceful plié than @StephenCurry33 
RT @NYTNow: Today's news fast, in Your Tuesday Evening Briefing 
A chilling dashcam video of the fatal shooting of a black 17-year-old was released by Chicago officials 
RT @nytfood: So you have been tasked with wine this Thanksgiving. Here is what to bring: 
Breaking News: Chicago officials have released a video showing the fatal shooting of a black teenager by an officer 
Bill De Blasio's plan would limit, not ban, carriage horses in Central Park 
RT @nytimesarts: "Creed" is a "dandy piece of entertainment," writes @aoscott 
Why car salesmen don’t want to sell electric cars 
RT @NYTFashion: A new wave of beauty comes to Harlem 
Hosting Thanksgiving dinner? Here are some dos and don'ts 
RT @michaelroston: Our journalists really struggled to explain Einstein’s theory of general relativity 
Should you take that Facebook quiz? 
“How would they know that?" Trump, on historians who say he put up a phony Civil War plaque. "Were they there?” 
RT @nytimesarts: Finn Wittrock, Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell discuss their roles in "The Big Short" 
Putin calls Turkey’s downing of a Russian fighter jet near the Syrian border a “stab in the back” 
This is the perfect finish to a Thanksgiving feast (via 
Chicago police officer charged with 1st-degree murder in the death of a black teen, who was reportedly shot 16 times 
Two men arrested in connection with the overnight shootings of 5 people during a Black Lives Matter protest 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photographing soldiers back from war 
"America has just lived through another presidential campaign week dominated by Trump’s racist lies" 
A 23-year-old white man has been arrested in connection with an overnight shooting at a Black Lives Matter protest 
Ryan Gosling: “I thought I knew, but I didn’t really know anything at all.” 
The NYT review of "Creed" 
In an unusual move, a juror in the Sheldon Silver trial pleads to be excused 
The victims of the Paris attacks included an architect, a student, and music fans. Here are some of their stories. 
Matthieu Mauduit, whose brother died at the Bataclan, has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 
A video game company is hoping to test a prescription video game for kids with ADHD 
Pecan pie truffles may be the most intense holiday goodie you've ever tried 
RT @owlese: Pop quiz. Which company has created more value for shareholders over the last two decades? 
What does Marco Rubio actually think about Syrian refugees? 
The airstrike that destroyed a Doctors Without Borders hospital last month was the result of multiple errors 
Why won't car dealers sell electric cars to customers? 
RT @AshleyRParker: “How would they know that?” Mr. Trump said, when told historians had called his plaque a fiction. “Were they there?” htt… Nov 24, 2015 

What Woodrow Wilson cost my grandfather 
RT @nytgraphics: Turkish military image shows where Turkey says Russian jet crossed into its airspace. 
U.S. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by Iran 
Chicago police officer charged with 1st-degree murder in the death of a black teen, who was reportedly shot 16 times 
Breaking News: With Chicago set to release video of a black youth’s death, a police officer was charged with murder 
Holiday travelers should expect tougher security measures, including longer security lines 
Imagine waking up in a box, completely weightless. Are you falling toward Earth or floating in outer space? 
Breast-feeding may be good for mothers, not just babies 
RT @nytpolitics: Iran appears to be using cyberespionage to replace the influence of a nuclear program. 
President François Hollande of France is meeting with President Obama in Washington today 
It's okay if your holiday table isn't camera-ready or perfectly Instagrammable 
After 12,000 years, these frozen lion cubs still had their fur and whiskers 
How to talk to your relatives about politics at Thanksgiving 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Here are some of Donald Trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question 
Where Americans are planning to travel for Thanksgiving 
Putin says Turkey's downing of a Russian fighter jet will have “serious consequences for Russian-Turkish relations” 
Gunmen shot 5 people at a Black Lives Matter protest in Minneapolis 
Breaking News: Putin calls Turkey’s downing of a Russian fighter jet near the Syrian border a “stab in the back” 
Quote of the Day 
Turkish fighter jets on patrol near the Syrian border shot down a Russian warplane 
RT @nytfood: Our interactive Thanksgiving menu planner makes planning fun. For real. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
How Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
The 911 system isn't ready for the iPhone era 
RT @tackettdc: Ted Cruz surges in Iowa poll, only trails Trump by 2 @arappeport 
"Cam Newton is the perfect answer to those who say that numbers don’t lie" 
RT @nytpolitics: Ben Carson said he was mistaken in saying he saw Muslims cheering in New Jersey on Sept. 11 
When a bag is based on math 
"Sick passenger": A hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 
A visit to the Saeed Book Bank in Islamabad, which displays 200,000 titles, many in English 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Breast-feeding is good for mothers, not just babies, studies suggest 
Paris Victims, Remembered 
New York Today: New York Today: Welcome to the Jungle 
When Ben Carson walked around Johns Hopkins Hospital, said a former colleague, "he was like God" 
Donald Trump’s Shortcuts and Salesmanlike Stretches 
RT @nytpolitics: Chris Christie's been rising in New Hampshire, using stories of 9/11 to connect with voters 
Diplomatic Memo: John Kerry Adds Voice to Those Urging Bigger Push Against Islamic State in Syria 
Fact Check: Donald Trump saying he witnessed cheering on 9/11 in Jersey City 
Military Plane Shot Down Near Syria Border, Turkey Says 
Ben Carson supporters cite "vulgar, personal attacks" in seeking campaign donations 
Turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the Syrian border on Tuesday 
RT @nytopinion: It’s possible for two people to live in different moral worlds, in which different moral truths hold. 
Turkey Shoots Down Military Plane Near Syria Border 
Police asked Belgians not to tweet about police operations. Twitter responded with cute cat pictures. 
Gunmen Sought After 5 Are Shot at Protest of Police in Minneapolis 
They left Syria for a "beautiful life" near Detroit. After the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 
Saboteurs blacked out Crimea by destroying power lines. Now activists are preventing repairs 
How Einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
RT @nytimesbusiness: If there's a drone for you under the tree, it looks like you'll have to register it. 
How the birth of farming may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 
Turkish F16s Shot Down Warplane After It Violated Airspace: Military Official 
RT @nytimesarts: Foo Fighters release free five-song ’Saint Cecilia’ EP with a long message from Dave Grohl 
RT @nytimesworld: Kenyan runners accuse officials of stealing from sponsorship deal 
RT @nytopinion: Obamacare is an imperfect system, but it’s workable — and it’s working, writes @NYTimeskrugman 
RT @tmagazine: A corner of Tuscany where olive oil is a deeper green 
Miami’s Art World Sets Sights on Little Haiti Neighborhood 
Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 
RT @nytimesarts: Germany Will Not Send the Singer Xavier Naidoo to Eurovision 
RT @nytimesworld: Explosion causes minor damage at Yasukuni Shrine in Japan, source of regional tensions 
What Ben Carson's former co-workers said about his potential transition to president 
5 Are Shot Near Minneapolis Protests, Police Say 
RT @nytimesworld: Kobani, Syria, is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
How 3 modern young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 
RT @NYTMetro: After a health scare and financial hardship, a couple is eager to repay the kindness shown. 
The police in France are now freed to pick up and interrogate suspects virtually at will 
For addicts, fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
A Player Concussed, and a Policy Questioned 
The Nets’ disastrous deal with the Celtics keeps getting worse 
Tips for finding a great vacation deal on Black Friday and Cyber Monday 
Getting "ugly" produce onto tables so they stay out of the trash 
At Princeton, addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove Woodrow Wilson's name 
RT @nytfood: Tonight we make pizza 
14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 
Nestlé reports on abuses in Thailand’s seafood industry 
President-elect of Argentina links his kidnapping 24 years ago to an awakening that led him to politics 
RT @nytopinion: A year after 12-year-old Tamir Rice was shot to death, his mom talks to @CharlesMBlow 
"Despite months of missing my college kids, it took only minutes for my frustration to surface" at Thanksgiving 
RT @NYTScience: Using genetic engineering to turn mosquitoes into allies in the fight against malaria 
John Kerry said he would like to see U.S.-led effort against ISIS in Syria “go faster” 
RT @nytimesworld: Without the pledges, global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºF by 2100. 
How to improve eggs before they are hatched 
The NYT obituary for Adele Mailer, artist who married Norman Mailer 
Snow accumulated on the Great Wall of China as winter took hold. More photos from Monday 
RT @nytpolitics: We fact checked Donald Trump's claim that he witnessed cheering of the Sept. 11 attacks 
RT @mikiebarb: How Christie is turning around his standing in New Hampshire, with emotional tales of Sept 11. My close up story 
Planned Parenthood sues Texas in dispute over funding for clinics 
Joyce Carol Oates on Twitter: Is nothing "joyous" in ISIS? 
RT @NYTScience: Flower power. Literally. 
Breast-feeding is good for mothers, not just babies, studies suggest 
Extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
With expanded police powers in France, some question if the loss of liberties is appropriate 
RT @nytfood: It's time to thaw the turkey 
A Syrian town scarred by ISIS is trying to rebuild — and there are signs of life 
RT @UpshotNYT: Very cool simulator that can assess your team's N.F.L. playoff chances. Give it whirl. 
The Nets’ disastrous deal with the Celtics keeps getting worse 
After Donald Trump hosted "SNL," several of his GOP rivals filed complaints about receiving equal airtime 
RT @NYTNow: Your Evening Briefing brings you the top news fast. 
RT @nytpolitics: Ben Carson said that he was mistaken in saying that he saw Muslims cheering in New Jersey 
How the birth of farming may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 
Why it takes 2 years for Syrian refugees to enter the U.S. 
Police asked Belgians not to tweet about police operations. Twitter responded with cute cat pictures. 
Start Thanksgiving off right with this pumpkin bread recipe 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
One of the last northern white rhinos has died in San Diego 
"Sick passenger": A hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 
"Despite months of missing my college kids, it took only minutes for my frustration to surface" at Thanksgiving 
How the $160 billion Pfizer-Allergan deal ranks 
Biologists have created a mosquito that can't spread malaria 
14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 
A former investigator for Republicans on the Benghazi committee is suing the panel and its leader 
Make the pie dough today, and it will be one less thing to worry about on Thursday (via 
The climate change pledges are in. Will they fix anything? 
How balloons pop 
They smoked shisha and stayed out late. They went to the beach. Then they became ISIS wives. 
Fact Check: Donald Trump saying he witnessed cheering on 9/11 in Jersey City 
Randall Munroe, a former NASA roboticist turned web cartoonist, explains it all for us 
Kobani, a town scarred by ISIS and turned into a battleground, is trying to rebuild 
Inaccurate medical tests are prompting abortions, promoting unneeded surgeries and raising medical costs, FDA says 
In Belgium, one person is in custody and has been charged with participating in Paris attacks, prosecutors say 
After the Paris attacks, Syrian refugees say Michigan is not as welcoming a place as it was before. 
RT @BasseyE: Meet the NYT's top commenters. This is an amazing group of humans: 
A clip of Obama singing "Amazing Grace" in Charleston is sampled on the new Coldplay album 
RT @NYTScience: How agriculture may have changed the skin color and height of ancient Europeans 
Chief Justice John Roberts made two promises: He won't run for president, and he won't grow a beard 
After 12,000 years, these frozen lion cubs still have their fur 
RT @jegner: ‘The Walking Dead’ cleared up Glenn's fate and the Internet had thots. + Looking ahead to the midseason finale: 
How to survive your time at the airport this Thanksgiving season 
RT @nytimesbusiness: The U.S. has lost billions of dollars in tax revenue from what President Obama calls "unpatriotic" inversions 
The politics of paid time off to have a baby 
Weather-related disasters have killed more than 600,000 people in the past 2 decades 
Foo Fighters have released a free EP and turned it into a tribute to victims of the Paris attacks 
Inside Raqqa, the de facto capital of ISIS 
Mali says only 2 gunmen carried out the hotel attack in Bamako on Friday 
Anti-Muslim is anti-American, writes @CharlesMBlow 
Woodrow Wilson has been central to Princeton. But talk of his racist views is complicating his legacy on campus 
Millions are without power in Crimea, where authorities have declared a state of emergency 
RT @UpshotNYT: Enjoy the big Thanksgiving dinner! A doctor's advice on overeating, plus a collection of other nutrition advice. 
"Cam Newton is the perfect answer to those who say that numbers don’t lie" 
Police asked Belgians not to tweet about police operations. Twitter responded with cute cat pictures. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Hillary Clinton is looking past Bernie Sanders as part of her strategy to defeat him 
To save African penguins, zoos and aquariums are managing their love lives 
Brussels is on lockdown for a third day as Belgian officials search for terrorism suspects 
They left Syria for a "beautiful life" in Michigan. But after the Paris attacks, that life has been shaken. 
Quote of the Day 
The Paris and Beirut attacks are seen as evidence of a shift by ISIS, according to intelligence officials 
"Sick passenger": A hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 
RT @davidjoachim: Obama has ordered an inquiry into accusations that intelligence reports on ISIS were altered 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
CNN airs film about sexual assaults on college campuses despite legal threat from an NFL player's lawyer 
Pfizer to Merge With Allergan in $160 Billion Deal 
There are at least 649 nonillion ways the NFL season could end. Explore them all. 
Massachusetts is abandoning the Common Core test 
"Our resolve to help refugees should be stronger than ever" 
When Ben Carson walked around Johns Hopkins Hospital, said a former colleague, "he was like God" 
Why It Takes Two Years for Syrian Refugees to Enter the U.S. 
In the days after an attack in Mali, life goes on with little evidence of increased security 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
RT @NYTScience: Deforestation may threaten a majority of Amazon tree species 
Mass surveillance isn't the answer to fighting terrorism 
New York Today: New York Today: Queasy Rider 
‘Empire of Self: A Life of Gore Vidal,’ by Jay Parini 
RT @nytimesworld: Most of Hong Kong is not an urban jungle, but rather a real one, teeming with wildlife. 
Border Patrol traffic checkpoints, up to 100 miles north of Mexico, confine undocumented immigrants to a small world 
RT @nytimestravel: Iceland has more books read per person than any other country. Find out why: 
These are the words no New York subway rider wants to hear. 
"I don't know how we win the war against ISIS," @FrankBruni writes in @nytopinion. "But I know how we lose it." 
Landslide in Myanmar kills about 100 
Laws in 2 states will soon let women get birth control from pharmacists without a doctor's prescription 
RT @nytimesarts: #TheWalkingDead recap: Sunday's episode lit the fuse on next week's first-half finale 
Car owners in the United States can soon play Volkswagen engineer, courtesy of the government 
Why snapping is the new clapping 
RT @NYTmag: Amy Heckerling is tired of Hollywood's focus on weddings, weddings, weddings. 
RT @NYTMetro: A group wants to honor the 146 workers who died in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire: 
The NYT review of "The Hunger Games​: Mockingjay Part 2" 
How to pull off a perfect Thanksgiving feast 
RT @nytimesarts: Skrillex, Diplo and Justin Bieber won an AMA for “Where Are Ü Now.” How it came together: 
A cigar lover goes to Cuba to find one of the best 
Greek New Testament papyrus is discovered on eBay 
The Affair: ‘The Affair’ Season 2, Episode 8: This Guy’s Hopeless 
Tips for first-time home buyers 
How 3 modern, young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 
With nannies blamed for recent celebrity splits, Hollywood parents are hiring cautiously 
"The Affair" recap: This guy’s hopeless 
This week, #TheLeftovers delivered a brain-shredding masterpiece. Spoilers ahead. 
Your Monday Mini Crossword 
“Oh my God. Allison.” Here's this week's "Homeland" recap; spoilers ahead. 
Pfizer and Allergan Reach $150 Billion Merger Deal 
Is Noël Wells "the coolest, funniest thing going" in Aziz Ansari's "Master of None"? 
The Islamic State killed 6,073 people last year. Boko Haram killed even more. 
On Sunday's episode of #TheWalkingDead, things got intense in Alexandria. Spoilers ahead. 
Checkpoints Isolate Many Immigrants in Texas’ Rio Grande Valley 
RT @NYTmag: Jennifer Getzinger on often being the only woman hired to direct. 
At least 10 people were hospitalized with injuries after a shootout in a New Orleans park 
"I just got sucked in," says a man who gave $718,000 to psychics 
They smoked shisha and stayed out late. They went to the beach. Then they became ISIS wives. 
Crimea in Dark After Power Lines Are Blown Up 
At Princeton, Addressing a Racist Legacy and Seeking to Remove Woodrow Wilson’s Name 
"I was surprised to find ... moments of relief, even joy." Photographing the refugee crisis 
Because every student is looking for ways to get homework done faster 
RT @NYTFashion: Did Harry Styles actually look like your grandparents' couch at the #AMAs? You decide. 
The "Wet Prince of Bel Air" has used 30,000 gallons of water a day. But Californians who used less were fined. 
Creditors Signal Potential Support for Overhauling Puerto Rico Debt 
“You have relieved our burden,” said a Syrian father of his family's newfound home state of Connecticut 
Wired For Profit: To Those With Addiction, Daily Fantasy Sports Looks a Lot Like Gambling 
A missing Maryland college student is found dead in an apparent suicide 
RT @NYTFashion: .@KendallJenner at the #AMAs. See more red carpet looks: 
Opposition Leader Mauricio Macri Wins Argentina Presidential Election 
RT @NYTFashion: Looks from the #AMAs red carpet, featuring Zendaya, Selena Gomez, Gigi Hadid and more. 
Cate Blanchett still gets star struck 
Romo brought Dallas to life. Green Bay stopped a losing streak. NFL Week 11 news and scores: 
In the days after an attack in Mali, life goes on with little evidence of increased security 
Attacks such as the one in Paris upend the previous view held by the U.S. that ISIS was a regional threat 
White House Letter: On Foreign Trip, Obama Yet Again Contends With Events Elsewhere 
On the road with Ringling Brothers. Photos by @stephsinclair: 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of a Mennonite community in Mexico by @berehulak 
Our 10 most popular Thanksgiving pie recipes. Mmm ... pie. 
You asked, we answered: What causes eye twitches? 
What happened to LivingSocial 
2 Panels Advise Bolstering W.H.O. for Crises Like Ebola 
RT @nytopinion: Who is turning blue states red? @AlecMacGillis on the non-voting poor. 
RT @NYTmag: The writer and producer Dana Calvo on why liking Lara Croft doesn't make you a feminist. 
The cult of the Toto toilet 
"There's no point in hiding it. There is a real threat" in Brussels. 
Something happened in network TV that's almost unheard-of these days: A show got canceled. 
.@NYTmag is now on @Instagram. Follow to see portraits of the women of Hollywood 
Adele’s ‘25’ on Track to Break Sales Records 
Modern Love: The 5 stages of ghosting grief 
"I want to make something. I don’t want to be the face of anything." — @Adele 
A baby dies at day care, and a mother asks why she had to leave him so soon 
RT @nytpolitics: Donald Trump says he supports those who "roughed up" a protester at his event. 
Romo brings the Cowboys to life. Newton throws a career-high 5 TDs. NFL Week 11 highlights: 
The Pentagon is reviewing the U.S. response to the rise of ISIS 
Pfizer and Allergan are near a $150 billion merger deal that would create a pharmaceutical giant 
20 make-ahead Thanksgiving recipes. In case you want a little more time to relax. 
Is Noël Wells "the coolest, funniest thing going" in Aziz Ansari's "Master of None"? 
"Our resolve to help refugees should be stronger than ever" 
These girls stood before top Boy Scout brass and made an announcement: We want in. 
RT @UpshotNYT: We updated our college football playoff scenarios, after losses by Ohio St. and Okla St. Notre Dame is in, as of now 
Donald Trump again insists he saw celebrations in New Jersey on Sept. 11, 2001: "It was on television. I saw it." 
RT @NYTmag: Issa Rae on the many capable women she meets in Hollywood who are not given a chance. 
Sgt. Goosby is responsible for drilling 19 dogs and dispatching them at a moment's notice 
RT @NYTSports: A hazard of being a college basketball coach — losing your voice. Anyone have a lozenge? 
This quiet data cruncher is emerging as an unlikely rock star of Argentina's election season 
Brussels is on high alert as authorities hunt for suspects linked to the Paris attacks 
RT @FrankBruni: We lose to ISIS by turning inward, against one another & away from our ideals. We lose by losing ourselves. Column, 
Andrew Lloyd Webber is ready to rock 
How did a 38-year-old nearsighted, soccer-loving cleric, not even a fighter, lead ISIS? 
RT @nytfood: It's pie season 
Ben Carson elaborates on a number of scientific, religious and medical topics 
RT @NYTMetro: She's the 5-foot-tall woman who teaches New York firefighters how to box. 
RT @MichaelPaulson: Texting has changed how we converse. But how do playwrights reflect that onstage? My story: 
There are at least 649 nonillion ways the NFL season could end. Explore them all. 
Democrat John Bel Edwards easily wins the Louisiana governor's race 
RT @NYTmag: The producer Michele Imperato Stabile has this message for the men of Hollywood. 
A sweet potato casserole that's crunchy, soft and sweet — all in one glorious bite 
Laws in 2 states will soon let women get birth control from pharmacists without a doctor's prescription 
RT @nytpolitics: As a surgeon, Ben Carson was busy, largely successful and came easily to fame. 
For a "happy holiday, choose to keep the 'thanks' in Thanksgiving, whether you feel like it or not" 
RT @UpshotNYT: Good Sunday reading: Momentum builds for taxing consumption instead of income. 
The interim police chief in Ferguson, Missouri, is leaving the post early 
They smoked shisha and stayed out late. They went to the beach. Then they became ISIS wives. 
Who's being fined for water use in dry California? Stingy users, not the rich water hogs. 
More good news about coffee 
RT @nytopinion: Helping Syrian refugees isn’t naïveté, says @NickKristof. It’s humanity. 
Quote of the Day 
Massachusetts is abandoning the Common Core test 
RT @NYTArchives: President John F. Kennedy is assassinated, this day in 1963. 
Donald Trump is suggesting that he saw "thousands" cheering in New Jersey after the Sept. 11 terror attacks 
When news broke of the attacks in Paris, a photographer biked to one of the main targets. This is what he saw. 
RT @nytimesworld: Kim Young-sam, former president of South Korea, dies at 87 
A missing Maryland college student is found dead in an apparent suicide 
These girls in California want to become Boy Scouts 
RT @nytimesworld: Crimea is without electricity after its main power lines were blown up, Russian reports say. 
A jury has ordered Washington, D.C. to pay a wrongfully convicted man $16.65 million 
Why snapping is the new clapping 
Hillary Clinton has an image problem that she cannot seem to shake 
RT @nytgraphics: Why it takes 2 years for a Syrian refugee to apply to come to the US 
The cult of the Toto toilet 
States Lead Effort to Let Pharmacists Prescribe Birth Control 
RT @NYTNational: Michael Skolnik, the 37-year-old in the middle of Civil Rights 2.0. 
RT @UpshotNYT: House hunting this weekend? Before you go, look at the Upshot's rent vs. buy calculator. It may pay to rent. 
Pray for Ted Cruz. That appears to be a chief task to be undertaken by the Cruz campaign’s “national prayer team” 
RT @nytpolitics: Trump’s take on de Blasio? "The worst mayor in the U.S." 
In defense of the personal crowdfunding campaign 
Your Weekend Briefing: Mali, Brussels, Chicago 
The man who saved the world, or at least ensured Hitler never got a nuclear bomb 
RT @NYTmag: The writer, director and producer Jamie Babbit on Hollywood women and their agents. 
Obama Says He Expects ‘Truth’ in Intelligence Reports 
LivingSocial offers a glimpse of what some of today’s biggest start-ups might look like several years down the road 
RT @nytimestravel: To save on New York hotels, look outside Manhattan, says @FrugalTraveler 
How 3 modern young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 
RT @NYTmag: The actress and director Rose McGowan has this message for the men of Hollywood. 
RT @nytimesphoto: A photographer documented the communities living in affordable housing In New York 
How did a 38-year-old nearsighted, soccer-loving cleric, not even a fighter, lead ISIS? 
At age 10, his family was shipped to a concentration camp. He moved to the U.S. in 1949. Zbigniew Macur, 1933-2015 
RT @nytimesworld: When ISIS took control of Raqqa, some women bartered their lives, through work and marriage, to the Islamic state. 
Mary Beard’s ‘SPQR’ and Tom Holland’s ‘Dynasty’ 
Why are student protesters so fearful? 
What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 
What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 
See where the airstrikes in Raqqa were in the days after the Paris attacks 
Kim Young-sam, Former President of South Korea, Dies at 87 
Why it takes two years for Syrian refugees to enter the US 
Whatever happened to a simple Season's Greetings? Holiday cards go from cursive to curses 
Aws was more into Hollywood, Dua into Bollywood. Then they became ISIS wives. 
How to pull off a perfect Thanksgiving feast 
RT @nytopinion: Why "cool" is still a popular word, but "spiffy" and "swell" aren't. 
"I want to make something. I don’t want to be the face of anything." -- @Adele 
In upset, John Bel Edwards defeats David Vitter in Louisiana governor’s race 
20 make-ahead Thanksgiving recipes. In case you want a little more time to relax. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Among the businesses hardest hit by the Paris terrorist attacks, few may be bearing more of the brunt than hotels. htt… Nov 22, 2015 

Your Sunday Mini Crossword 
Cate Blanchett still gets star struck 
Adele cries to her music, too 
Why "cool" is still cool 
Missing Maryland College Student Is Found Dead in Apparent Suicide 
RT @NYTStyles: She's sometimes played the errant spouse. In her new film she's reformed 
Why Ta-Nehisi Coates doesn’t want to be viewed as a public intellectual 
In California, Stingy Water Users Are Fined in Drought, While the Rich Soak 
Democrat Defeats David Vitter in Louisiana Governor’s Race 
Because every student is looking for ways to get homework done faster 
Aws was more into Hollywood, Dua into Bollywood. Then they became ISIS wives. 
Greek New Testament papyrus is discovered on eBay 
RT @nytimestravel: As temperatures drop, Montreal springs to life. Our latest 36 Hours: 
More good news about coffee 
Greek New Testament papyrus is discovered on eBay 
RT @NYTmag: Gina Prince-Bythewood on Hollywood's dominant male point of view. 
What happened to LivingSocial 
Tips for first-time home buyers 
Donald Trump Calls for Surveillance of ‘Certain Mosques’ and a Syrian Refugee Database 
The Neediest Cases: Philippine Grandparents, Struggling to Start Fresh in a New Homeland 
RT @NYTSports: Here's how NBA players get free stuff at movie theater concession stands: 
RT @NYTScience: Squirrels' color vision closely resembles red-green color blindness in humans 
Michigan State 17, Ohio State 14: Michigan State Defeats Ohio State With Field Goal in Final Seconds 
RT @nytopinion: Who is turning blue states red? @AlecMacGillis on the non-voting poor. 
When news broke of the attacks in Paris, a photographer biked to one of the main targets. This is what he saw. 
Michigan State Beats Ohio State on Late Field Goal 
The doomsday weapon that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 
RT @NYTSports: See why @JulietMacur's tribute to her father moved readers to tears. 
Chicago Set for Protests Over Shooting by the Police 
Something happened in network TV that's almost unheard-of these days: A show got canceled. 
RT @NYTStyles: “We get requests all the time, ‘I don’t want someone pretty,''”--Beverly Hills nanny agent. 
Roundup: No. 1 North Carolina Falls to Northern Iowa 
This is the winter salad you'll want to be eating all season long 
Turn Off Your Devices? Sometimes Plays Turn Them On 
Rejecting Test, Massachusetts Shifts Its Model 
After Death, Nevada Issues Cryotherapy Guidelines 
Fire at Chicago’s John Hancock Center Injures 1 
With nannies blamed for recent celebrity splits, Hollywood parents are hiring cautiously 
RT @nytimesphoto: ISIS wives and enforcers in Syria recount collaboration, anguish and escape 
A sweet potato casserole that's crunchy, soft and sweet — all in one glorious bite 
Woman Held in Grisly Death of Expectant Mother Spoke of Being Due to Give Birth 
How 3 modern young Syrian women turned into Islamic State morality enforcers 
"I just got sucked in," says a man who gave $718,000 to psychics 
Are good doctors bad for your health? 
Quote of the Day 
The hunt for red mercury, the "doomsday weapon" that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 
Why poor areas vote for politicians who want to slash the safety net 
The Belgian government’s threat analysis unit has raised the country’s threat level to 4, the highest possible 
Why are student protesters so fearful? 
The Pentagon is reviewing the U.S. response to the rise of ISIS 
RT @nytgraphics: A visual tour of Raqqa, the capital of ISIS 
A baby dies at day care, and a mother asks why she had to leave him so soon 
Sleeping later on weekends may be bad for you 
Why Ta-Nehisi Coates doesn’t want to be viewed as a public intellectual 
RT @NYTmag: Dee Rees, one of our women in Hollywood, on being a black, female filmmaker. 
New York police are stepping up their fight on terrorism 
RT @nytimesworld: They smoked shisha and stayed out late. They went to the beach. Then they became ISIS wives. 
Cate Blanchett still gets star struck 
At age 10, his family was shipped to a concentration camp. He moved to the U.S. in 1949. Zbigniew Macur, 1933-2015 
Hillary Clinton has an image problem that she cannot seem to shake 
RT @AzadehMoaveni: The Syrian ISIS enforcers, wives I met in southern Turkey are each a strand of Syria’s story (1/6) 
RT @NYTSports: In football-loving families, negotiating the line between health and grit can be complex. 
“You have relieved our burden,” said a Syrian father of his family's newfound home state of Connecticut 
What happened to LivingSocial 
Why "cool" is still cool 
RT @nytimesworld: A Level 4 alert means the threat is "serious and imminent," the Belgian prime minister said. 
A jury has ordered Washington, D.C. to pay a wrongfully convicted man $16.65 million 
Why snapping is the new clapping 
This is the winter salad you'll want to be eating all season long 
RT @nytimesworld: Paris and Mali attacks expose lethal Al Qaeda-ISIS rivalry. 
What we know and don’t know about the terrorist attack in Mali 
With nannies blamed for recent celebrity splits, Hollywood parents are hiring cautiously 
Brussels placed at the highest alert level, authorities warning of a “possible and likely threat” 
Adele mostly maintained a public silence while recording “25." Then "Hello" dropped. 
Refugees must not be turned away, Obama says 
Aws was more into Hollywood, Dua into Bollywood. Then they became ISIS wives. 
RT @nytimesarts: “Fiddler on the Roof” is coming back to Broadway, and its lyricist is going strong at 91 
RT @NYTSports: After unusual stumbles, Rafael Nadal’s year ends in hope 
Greek New Testament papyrus is discovered on eBay 
Sleeping in feels so good, but may be unhealthy 
Why poor areas vote for politicians who want to slash the safety net 
FIFA Ethics Committee Recommends New Sanctions for Blatter and Platini 
A Manhattan dentist was arrested on drug and pornography charges 
Paul Krugman: Republicans’ panic over Syrian refugees fits a pattern 
Brussels Placed at Highest Alert Level; Subway Is Closed 
Tips for first-time home buyers 
RT @NYTSports: Here are the best college football games to watch Saturday. Plan accordingly. 
State of Terror: ISIS Wives and Enforcers in Syria Recount Collaboration, Anguish and Escape 
RT @nytfood: We're thinking about Thanksgiving leftovers too 
Refugees Must Not Be Turned Away, Obama Says 
RT @nytopinion: .@zeynep: Policing WhatsApp won't stop terrorists. 
RT @NYTMetro: New York Police's counterterrorism unit will have 527 officers by the end of the year. 
The Nanny Factor in Hollywood Marriages 
Democrat wins Mississippi House race after drawing straw 
If it weren't for her father, @julietmacur wouldn't be a sportswriter 
RT @nytopinion: Why "cool" is still a popular word, but "spiffy" and "swell" aren't. 
The NYT review of "The Hunger Games​: Mockingjay Part 2" 
3 Chinese Executives Killed in Mali Attack, Company Says 
RT @nytimestravel: As temperatures drop, Montreal springs to life. Our latest 36 Hours: 
See where the airstrikes in Raqqa were in the days after the Paris attacks 
A cigar lover goes to Cuba to find one of the best 
RT @nytimesworld: Russian newspaper’s scoop? Based on fake letters, U.S. says. 
RT @NYTStyles: Social Q: What to do when you feel rejected by a friend who turns down your Thanksgiving dinner invitation. 
The microcomplaint: nothing too small to whine about 
Stung by edict on gays, Mormons leave church 
After the Paris attacks, vigils became gathering places for Parisians to turn sadness into strength 
Workers Ratify U.A.W. Contracts With General Motors and Ford 
RT @nytimesarts: Says Ta-Nehisi Coates: "I don’t want to be anybody’s expert" 
RT @nytfood: A salad you will want to eat all winter long 
“You have relieved our burden,” said a Syrian father of his family's newfound home state of Connecticut 
RT @tmagazine: Where to eat, drink, shop and play in London 
RT @nytopinion: Who is turning blue states red? @AlecMacGillis on the non-voting poor. 
RT @nytimesworld: Hasna Aitboulahcen once liked to stay out late partying. She died battling French police. 
He rescued a pregnant woman hanging from a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage 
RT @nytimesworld: U.N. Security Council approves resolution urging Countries to combat Islamic State. 
Republicans Discuss Geopolitics at Thanksgiving Table in Iowa 
Warren Buffett's grandson wants his social-minded investments to improve the world 
Fire in Chinese Coal Mine Kills at Least 21, Officials Say 
U.N. Security Council Approves Resolution Urging Countries to Combat Islamic State 
RT @nytimesworld: After huge fires, scientists are worried about a dangerous summer ahead in Australia. 
Tips for first-time home buyers 
Leasing Begins for New York’s First Micro-Apartments 
The doomsday weapon that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 
Syrian Family Diverted From Indiana Feels ‘Welcomed’ in Connecticut 
RT @NYTStyles: Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief. 
YouTube covering legal fees for a handful of videomakers who want to fight takedown notices 
Pop moves and mutates, but Adele more or less does not 
Pregnant Woman Killed in Stabbing in the Bronx 
Why it takes two years for Syrian refugees to enter the US 
Stung by edict on gays, Mormons leave church 
RT @NYTSports: NBA players transition from game night to movie nights, with some help from studios. 
Finding hope in Paris: "I have to come here to find peace, to deal with my feelings." 
Washington ordered to pay $16.65 million to man after a jury found that he was framed for 1981 rape and murder 
You probably won't find Adele's new album on Spotify or Apple Music 
RT @NYTMetro: A Syrian family arrived in the U.S. this week to be greeted by a political backlash. "We felt rejected." 
Mark Zuckerberg plans 2-month paternity leave from Facebook 
What NYT journalists recommend reading from around the web 
RT @NYTStyles: She unknowingly had a photo of her future husband on her phone for months before they met. 
Paul Krugman: Republicans’ panic over Syrian refugees fits a pattern 
RT @NYTScience: Deforestation may threaten a majority of Amazon tree species 
The microcomplaint: nothing too small to whine about 
RT @nytgraphics: More than 70 airstrikes hit Raqqa in the days after the Paris attacks: 
New York’s Police Department created a counterterrorism unit that will be bigger than any it has deployed since 9/11 
Greek New Testament papyrus is discovered on eBay 
Donald Trump steps back from calling for Muslim registry, saying the suggestion came from a reporter 
RT @NYTOpenSource: A Dutch ISIS Fighter Is Taking Questions on Tumblr 
How to build a Thanksgiving feast to please everyone 
RT @NYTFashion: Could @Adele's love of old-school, silver-screen glamour actually bring back clothes? 
Democrat wins Mississippi House race after drawing straw 
RT @melbournecoal: Yahoo fights back against ad blockers, tells some users to turn them off or forget about getting email 
RT @NYTNow: Get the news fast: Your Evening Briefing is ready 
Prompted by thawing relations, an American cigar lover goes to Cuba to find one of the best 
RT @NYTimesDowd: Writer Linda Wallem's tricks to fight Hollywood sexism: "I'd wear my cowboy boots, not heels. They click louder." 
Why poor areas vote for politicians who want to slash the safety net 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Virginia mayor apologizes for Japanese internment remarks 
He rescued a pregnant woman hanging out a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage. 
A Manhattan dentist was arrested on drug and pornography charges 
RT @nytrealestate: Attention international house hunters: Five-Bedrooms and a pool await in Rio: 
The skull of Winnipeg, the bear that inspired “Winnie-the-Pooh,” has gone on display in London 
RT @UpshotNYT: Are charter schools effective? It's complicated. 
Meet New York's first micro-apartments 
By some estimates, trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails 
Despite their high profile, the young rich are a minority & the wealthy are getting older 
Finding hope in Paris: "I have to come here to find peace, to deal with my feelings." 
RT @arappeport: A clarification, of sorts: Donald Trump Steps Back From Calling for Muslim Registry 
Hasna Aitboulahcen once liked to stay out late partying. She died battling French police. 
RT @thomaskaplan: Fact check: Rubio claims Cruz undermined U.S. intelligence gathering 
Look over Lee Child’s shoulder as he writes the beginning of the latest Jack Reacher novel 
France has a long history in Mali, where Islamic rebels have fought a three-year insurgency 
RT @andrewkeh: Film studios check when sports teams will be in boring cities and offer to rent them a theater for a movie screening 
In defense of the personal crowdfunding campaign 
RT @ktbenner: .@mikeisaac & I look at what happened to a unicorn that ignored unit economics in pursuit of a huge potential market 
Sleeping later on weekends may be bad for you 
RT @nytpolitics: Here's what the 2016 candidates said about terrorism and refugees this week 
Medicare has decided to pay physicians to discuss end-of-life care with patients. Are doctors prepared for the task? 
RT @nytopinion: Gov. Jay Inslee: Why my state won't turn its back on Syrian refugees. 
The man who saved the world, or at least ensured Hitler never got a nuclear bomb 
The sport of curling has been swept by a controversy over high-tech brooms 
RT @NYTmag: ‘Just Get Us in The Room’: some of our favorite quotations from the women of Hollywood 
“To me, coming here is a way of saying goodbye. Goodbye to my friend, who meant a lot me.” 
Officials say the gunmen at the Mali hotel are no longer holding any hostages 
RT @dougmillsnyt: Heightened Security is seen at Union Station in Washington @Amtrak police officer outside the Union General Store. 
Key moments in the case of Jonathan Pollard 
RT @palafo: Business are changing their names, and children named Isis are crying from taunts. 
What we know about the attack on a hotel in Mali. Follow our live blog for updates: 
Have you ever taken a line drive to the face at an MLB game? This man has 
RT @nytpolitics: Democrats slam Donald Trump’s remarks on a Muslim database 
The Bamako hotel siege illustrates how Islamic extremists in Mali have changed their tactics in recent years 
The doomsday weapon that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 
RT @nytimesworld: Follow live updates from @nytimes on the hostage situation in Mali: 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Between the record heat and very dry conditions, Australia could have an intense fire season 
RT @UpshotNYT: Just why do Americans need Obama to get all emotional about things? 
RT @MichaelPaulson: He wrote the lyrics for 'Fiddler on the Roof.' Now he's 91. My profile of Sheldon Harnick: 
Pray for Ted Cruz. That appears to be a chief task to be undertaken by the Cruz campaign’s “national prayer team” 
Victims of the Paris attacks came from 29 countries. Nohemi was a Californian with a dream 
Laquan McDonald, 17, was fatally shot by a Chicago police officer in 2014. Video of shooting was ordered released 
What we know about the attack on a hotel in Mali 
You probably won't find Adele's new album on Spotify or Apple Music 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Ted Cruz creates a "national prayer team" for his campaign 
RT @meslackman: We really want to hear from you: How Should We Balance Civil Liberties and National Security? - The New York Times 
After Paris attacks, anxiety returns to the surface in New York 
A high-stakes election in Mississippi ended in a tie. So now, the winner will be decided by drawing straws 
At least 3 people are dead after gunmen stormed a hotel in Mali and seized 170 hostages 
Donald Trump says he'd "absolutely" require Muslims to register in a database 
Gunmen arrived at Mali hotel in "a vehicle with diplomatic plates," pastry chef at hotel said 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Adele Taylor Swift Beyoncé All setting terms for how they want their music to be consumed 
China acknowledges killing 28 people suspected of taking part in a coal mine attack 
RT @NYTmag: 'Just Get Us in the Room': The Women of Hollywood Speak Out, by Maureen Dowd. 
After the Paris attacks, vigils became gathering places for Parisians to turn sadness into strength 
A third body has been found at the site where Paris attacker Abdelhamid Abaaoud was killed 
More Mexican immigrants are now leaving the U.S. than entering it, a new study finds 
RT @nytimesworld: “They were driving a vehicle with diplomatic plates,” a chef at the Radisson Blu in Bamako said about the attackers. http… Nov 20, 2015 

Hostages who could do recite Muslim statement were allowed to leave Mali hotel, according to Malian journalist 
Gunmen stormed a hotel in Mali, seizing 140 guests and 30 employees as hostages, per company that runs hotel 
The U.S. has released Jonathan Pollard, who was conviced ot spying on behalf of Israel, after 30 years in prison 
Russia is worried by the prospect of thousands of Russia-hating jihadists returning under the banner of ISIS 
Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief 
RT @nytimesworld: Northern Mali fell under the control of Islamist militants in 2012, but a French-led offensive ousted them in 2013. 
5 questions about Jonathan Pollard, the American convicted of spying for Israel 
Breaking News: More than 150 hostages have been taken at a Radisson Hotel in Bamako, Mali 
RT @nytimesworld: Europe enters a debate over how to balance counterterrorism efforts and civil liberties. 
Breaking News: Gunmen have seized hostages at a Radisson Hotel in Mali 
RT @thomasfullerNYT: Obama mentions Rohingya and says treatment of minorities in Myanmar is one of the biggest problems going forward. Nov 20, 2015 

Britain's prime minister is getting an official plane. Not everyone is impressed. 
RT @thomasfullerNYT: Obama on why young people should care about climate change: “I’ll be gone. But you’ll have to deal with it.” Nov 20, 2015 

"Sweden's message to migrants in Europe is clear: Don’t come here." 
He rescued a pregnant woman hanging from a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage 
Muslims around the world are speaking out to defend Islam from being hijacked by ISIS 
Photos: On the road with the Ringling Brothers Circus, at the end of an era 
RT @DanBilefsky: The broken dreams of Nohemi Gonzalez, a young American woman killed in the Paris attacks. My story. 
After 30 years, Jonathan Pollard, the American convicted of spying for Israel, will be freed 
Abdelhamid Abaaoud's 11-month plot to terrorize Europe 
Imran Khan insists that the United States has been its own worst enemy in Pakistan 
RT @nytgraphics: The web of connections among the Paris attackers is expanding 
RT @davjolly: Who knew about Abaaoud’s travels? EU countries have opened their borders to one another but not their intelligence. 
Donald Trump says he'd "absolutely" require Muslims to register in a database 
The hunt for red mercury, the "doomsday weapon" that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 
RT @nytopinion: One change could improve global soccer on multiple fronts: more women, writes @MoyaDodd 
RT @NickKristof: When politicians shun refugees today, they are shunning people like my dad. My column: 
RT @nytimesworld: Join the debate: How should we balance civil liberties and national security? 
RT @NYTSports: Curling, the ice sport with brooms, is roiled in controversy over — what else? — the brooms. 
The NYT review of "The Hunger Games​: Mockingjay Part 2" 
Flicking a hip or tossing off a pirouette to Metallica 
Princeton students ended a 32-hour sit-in in the university president’s office on Thursday night 
RT @NYTSports: Topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the Culinary Institute of America 
Victims of the Paris attacks came from 19 countries. Nohemi was a first-generation Mexican-American from California 
Portraits of African-American professors were defaced at Harvard Law School 
You asked, we answered: Is lying down as bad for you as sitting? 
Adele Taylor Swift Beyoncé All setting terms for how they want their music to be consumed 
RT @NYTSports: Bryce Harper of the Nationals and Josh Donaldson of the Blue Jays win baseball's MVP awards 
As France strengthens security, a debate arises: how to balance counterterrorism efforts and civil liberties 
Laquan McDonald, 17, was fatally shot by a Chicago police officer in 2014. Video of shooting was ordered released 
RT @nytpolitics: “Our goal is not to deter or contain ISIS, but to defeat and destroy ISIS” — Hillary Clinton 
After Paris attacks, anxiety returns to the surface in New York 
Genetically engineered salmon approved for consumption 
He rescued a pregnant woman hanging from a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage 
RT @nytopinion: Today's vote on refugees shows Obama misread the mood of Congress, and many Americans, after the Paris attacks. 
Compensating NFL players who might develop brain disease met with skepticism 
RT @owlese: UnitedHealth's threatened withdrawal puts pressure on regulators to scrutinize mergers of its rivals 💉💰 
Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the Paris attacks suspect killed in a shootout, had plotted terror for 11 months 
Bernie Sanders defends Democratic socialism, calling it the route to economic fairness 
Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief 
Which is more dangerous, MMA or boxing? 
RT @nytopinion: Michel Houellebecq: The French are rather easy to govern. But they are not complete idiots. 
Massachusetts attorney general proposes fantasy sports regulations 
Facebook is testing new tools to make breaking up easier to do 
Nohemi Gonzalez was emblematic of other Paris victims: Young. Ambitious. Chasing dreams. 
RT @nytimesarts: Nearly 100 paintings trace the path of the visionary artist Martin Wong 
Genetically engineered salmon will not be labeled, FDA says 
Sturdy legs could mean healthy brains, according to a new study 
RT @NYTNow: Catch up in the news, with Your Evening Briefing 
By some estimates, trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails 
Social Q’s: Thanksgiving guest list woes 
RT @BernsteinJacob: .@GwynethPaltrow has a new muse in Wonder Woman and a collection of clothes, which she did with @MaisonValentino. 
RT @nytopinion: Europe's open borders are an open invitation for terrorists, says Interpol's former head. 
Since his father’s death, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has appeared to embrace his inner progressive 
RT @NYTSports: Josh Donaldson and Bryce Harper are your 2015 most valuable players. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: These salmon are the same age. The bigger one has been genetically engineered: 
How different would Thanksgiving be if pumpkins and squash had gone extinct? 
Our interactive meal planner will help you build the Thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
Google picks Diane Greene to expand its cloud business 
Hillary Clinton: “Our goal is not to deter or contain ISIS, but to defeat and destroy ISIS." 
RT @nytpolitics: Stopping ISIS in America isn't like thwarting a typical plot. It's much harder, like thwarting a school shooting. 
Can you lose weight by listening to your body? 
More Mexican immigrants are now leaving the U.S. than entering it, a new study finds 
RT @NYTmag: There’s a reason aspiring bomb makers have never found red mercury. @cjchivers reports 
If the doom-saying turkey pundits had been right, we’d all be eating ham this Thanksgiving 
Michael Gross, who designed the "Ghostbusters" logo, died at age 70 
The NIH will retire its chimps to animal sanctuaries, ending an era of biomedical research 
5 killed in Tel Aviv and the West Bank by Palestinian attackers 
Jared Fogle, former Subway pitchman, gets 15-year prison term for sex acts with minors and child pornography 
Terror attacks and threats can heighten our feelings of anxiety. If that sounds familiar, here's how to cope 
You probably won't find Adele's new album on Spotify or Apple Music 
Mayor Bill de Blasio tells New York City to ignore new ISIS video that hints at attacks on Manhattan 
RT @UpshotNYT: The Republicans have a big New Hampshire problem. 
After losing a daughter in the Paris attacks, a family vows to "continue to live" 
Modern Love: The five stages of ghosting grief 
You asked, we answered: Is lying down as bad for you as sitting? 
The House voted overwhelmingly to slap stringent new screening procedures on refugees from Syria 
Breaking News: The House has voted to back stringent screening on Syrian and Iraqi refugees, defying a veto threat 
"I have seen up close how Muslims are treated in European society, especially French society." 
RT @nytimesworld: ISIS was considered such a small threat in 2011 that the U.S. dropped the bounty on one of its leaders to $100,000 
He rescued a pregnant woman hanging out a window of the Bataclan. Then he was taken hostage. 
The virtual reality revolution is coming to a headset near you 
Concussions ended his playing career, but not his love of football 
RT @sisario: Adele's album will not be on streaming services. 
Hillary Clinton presents her plan to battle ISIS 
California judge orders frozen embryos destroyed after man challenges ex-wife’s right to use them 
Donald Trump calls University of Missouri leaders "babies" for resigning 
The doomsday weapon that ISIS has desperately tried to get its hands on 
RT @palafo: We've all seen the tweets comparing Jewish refugees of the 1930s with Syrians today. How apt are the parallels? 
What should you do the event of a terrorist attack? Britain issues advice 
“Pinterest sent me over the edge” and other stories from D.I.Y. weddings 
The shooting of an unarmed black man by a Minneapolis officer led to a tense standoff between police and protesters 
Leaders in France and Belgium are seeking tougher security measures 
RT @nytvideo: VIDEO: He saved a pregnant woman's life, then had to endure a 2-hour hostage standoff at the Bataclan concert hall. 
RT @nytimesworld: Join the debate: How should we balance civil liberties and national security? 
Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged ringleader of the Paris attacks, was confirmed dead after forensic tests 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
At least 3 dozen people in U.S. were under surveillance for suspected ISIS ties before Paris attacks, officials say 
How did a 38-year-old nearsighted, soccer-loving cleric, not even a fighter, lead ISIS? 
The NYT review of "The Hunger Games​: Mockingjay Part 2" 
The suspected architect of the Paris attacks was killed in a police raid on Wednesday, French officials said 
The terrorist attack near the Stade de France has made sports officials around the world feel newly vulnerable 
Quote of the Day 
When should presidential candidates drop out? 
RT @dionnesearcey: ISIS has captured the world's attention, but one report says Boko Haram has been more deadly 
Croatia, Macedonia and Serbia have started screening refugees on the basis of nationality 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
RT @aurelienbrd: #Paris prosecutor just sent 1 sentence specifying: "We do not know at this stage whether #Abaaoud blew himself up or not."… Nov 19, 2015 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged ringleader of the Paris attacks, was confirmed dead after forensic tests 
Breaking News: The suspected architect of the Paris attacks was killed in a police raid Wednesday, officials say 
In more than 99% of misconduct complaints against Chicago police officers in 2015, there has been no discipline 
RT @rcallimachi: Paris prosecutor confirms Abdelhamid Abaaoud is among the dead. His identity was confirmed through forensic testing. 
RT @NYTmag: Here's a sneak peek at Maureen Dowd's cover story on women in Hollywood. Check back on Friday for the full story! 
U.S. investigators are struggling to track homegrown ISIS suspects 
It was a hashtag, then a protest slogan. Now some #BlackLivesMatter groups are in a swirl of political activity 
In Paris, museums and theaters are coming back to life. But security concerns haven't made that easy. 
"American and European politicians are following the Islamic State’s script," writes @NickKristof 
As Republicans call for force, Hillary Clinton will present her plan to battle ISIS 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
ISIS wasn't the deadliest terror group in the world last year. It was Boko Haram. 
RT @nytimesworld: Migrants did not expect to have to worry about extremist violence in the European Union. 
What presidential candidates have said about the Black Lives Matter movement 
Half of New York City residents say they are just getting by or finding it difficult to do so, poll shows 
The Republican establishment has a big New Hampshire problem 
Six raids are being conducted in Brussels in relation to one of the dead Paris attackers 
Obama will attend climate change talks in Paris despite security concerns 
More than 5,000 rounds were fired in raid near Paris, but officials aren't sure if the man they were after was there 
Israeli officer who was filmed beating Palestinian-American teen has been sentenced to 45 days of community service 
How the Paris attackers are connected 
RT @nytimestravel: The @FrugalTraveler hunts for the best NYC hotel deals: 
As many as 6 of the Paris attackers were Europeans who traveled to fight and train in Syria before returning home 
A feminist T-shirt resurfaces from the '70s and become a sensation on Instagram 
The Islamic State killed 6,073 people last year. Boko Haram killed even more. 
He rescued a woman hanging from the window of the Bataclan. Then he survived a 2-hour hostage standoff. 
Pop music might change, but Adele doesn't. @JonCaramanica reviews her new album "25." 
The terrorist attack near the Stade de France has made sports officials around the world feel newly vulnerable 
RT @NYTMetro: An upstate N.Y. high school turned away refugee children because of their age and English skills, authorities say. 
RT @nytimesworld: After Myanmar election, few signs of a better life for Muslims. 
Something happened in network TV that's almost unheard-of these days: A show got canceled. 
RT @nytimesworld: Did the Paris attacks change your views on individual rights & security? Join the debate: 
Bomb experts analyze the ISIS soda-can bomb photo 
New York officials say to ignore a new ISIS video that threatens New York City 
Facebook suspended her account, but her real name is Isis 
For the U.S., Russia and France, an alliance against ISIS may be easier said than done 
RT @nytpolitics: Bill de Blasio, drawing a new battle line, takes aim at Chris Christie on refugees. 
FBI director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 
Inside the Gould Memorial Library, a dazzling building in need of a facelift. Photos 
E! announces "The Soup" will end in December after 22 seasons 
RT @nytimesworld: Turkey’s role as migrant gateway is source of a new urgency as ISIS supporters were arrested 
It began as a hashtag. Now, #BlackLivesMatter is an Internet-driven civil rights movement 
RT @michikokakutani: National Book Award's Non-fiction prize: "Between the World and Me" by Ta-Nehisi Coates. My review: 
Ta-Nehisi Coates wins National Book Award for nonfiction for “Between the World and Me” 
The NYT obituary for Jonah Lomu, a rugby superstar who died at 40 
California judge orders frozen embryos destroyed after man challenges ex-wife’s right to use them 
RT @joncaramanica: Adele’s “25” has one transcendent, face-melting song, a bunch of good ones, and one by Tobias Jesso Jr. 
In Paris, mourning a father with the "charisma to be the lead singer" 
RT @nytopinion: Congress's wrong-headed proposal to close the U.S. to refugees from Syria 
By some estimates, trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails 
RT @NYTSports: With Ronda Rousey’s stunning loss, here are 10 fighters who could become UFC’s biggest star 
The cult of the Toto toilet 
Paris on edge as questions remain about suspect’s fate 
Husband remembers his wife, "merry, with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids" 
Photos of Mexico’s Mennonite heartland 
RT @nytfood: Lemon almond butter cake for Thanksgiving. Because who needs another brown pie? 
U.S. offers $5 million reward for senior ISIS figure 
Iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 
RT @NYTMetro: Half of New York City residents say they are barely making ends meet, a new poll finds 
Square priced its I.P.O. at $9 a share, signaling a tougher climate for tech start-ups 
Telegram messaging app closes public channels used by ISIS militants 
Some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee. It may lower your risk of death. 
Pop music might change, but Adele doesn't. @JonCaramanica reviews her new album "25." 
Boko Haram ranked ahead of ISIS for world’s deadliest terrorist group 
Bomb experts analyze the ISIS soda-can bomb photo 
RT @NYTNow: The latest on Paris and more, in Your Evening Briefing 
Ted Cruz challenges President Obama to debate on Syrian refugees 
RT @nytlizrobbins: Indiana gov's ban on Syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home 
RT @nytgraphics: How the Paris attackers are connected 
For a certain generation, Instagram has become a life résumé of sorts: “This is me. This is my life. Jealous?” 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos of the Day 
RT @tripgabriel: Duane Clarridge? The advisor @RealBenCarson disavowed last night? He helped with a Carson WaPo Op-Ed today on ISIS 
It was a game that meant nothing. Except that on this night, nothing felt like everything. 
RT @nytimesworld: ISIS was born out of America's Camp Bucca prison in Iraq, the perfect place to build an army 
Politicians "appear to be ignoring the Americans who need their attention most: the deeply, persistently poor" 
A doctor explains why he provides abortions in the South 
RT @nytpolitics: Is the outrage over President Obama's reaction to the Paris attacks overrated? 
RT @nytimestravel: The @FrugalTraveler hunts for the best NYC hotel deals 
ISIS shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a Russian jet 
You probably have a to-go pasta dish. Next time, try this one instead. 
RT @nytimesworld: How did a 38-year-old nearsighted, soccer-loving cleric, not even a fighter, lead ISIS? 
Something happened in network TV that's almost unheard-of these days: A show got canceled. 
Details of the Bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a Paris trash can 
French prosecutor on police raid: "I am unable to give you a definitive number and identities of people killed" 
Why Coney Island has provided "an interesting kind of crazy" for 150 years 
Yahoo is said to be part of the inquiry into daily fantasy sport sites in New York 
RT @VVFriedman: History, luxury, terror: why fashion in France matters even in the face of tragedy - 
RT @nytimesworld: Join the debate: How should societies balance civil liberties and national security? 
Gluten-free (if not guilt-free) Thanksgiving desserts 
French prosecutor says Abdelhamid Abaaoud, suspect in the Paris attacks, is not in custody 
What's happening to Obamacare premiums 
Diesel, a police dog killed during a raid outside Paris, has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
RT @nytopinion: This map, shared by Ben Carson's campaign, looks a bit unusual: 
RT @nytimesbooks: In Reykjavik, the culture of storytelling seems to be the source of Iceland's greatest national pride. 
France will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years, President François Hollande says 
Watch live: French prosecutor speaks on suspect in Paris attacks 
An 11th-hour detour puts a family in Connecticut as Indiana bars Syrian refugees 
RT @nytimesworld: French authorities pursue suspects today, here's the latest: 
This new NYC building "makes the case for why architecture matters" 
At the Culinary Institute of America, students are cooking on and off the court 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Getting rid of email trackers that detect when and where you read your mail isn't easy 
Congressional Democrats cautiously defend the Syrian refugee program 
RT @nytfood: Pumpkin ravioli, a vegetarian centerpiece for Thanksgiving 
The ISIS online magazine brags about "the IED used to bring down the Russian airliner" 
RT @NYTMetro: New York City Transit's new president will focus on booming subway ridership and delays: 
The band Eagles of Death Metal makes a statement on the Paris attacks. Read it in full: 
"When you see bullets and you have a baby — I was in a panic, I was trembling." One woman's experience in St.-Denis: 
RT @amychozick: Debut of @nytpolitics podcasts in which me & @patrickhealynyt gab about covering Hillary Clinton, @carolynryan hosts 
RT @nytopinion: France has been wounded. The solution is not to become more like its enemies. 
Facebook's French flag photo filter draws criticism 
Boko Haram is suspected in a deadly explosion at a Nigerian market filled with shoppers stocking up for dinner 
Did Donald Trump predict the Sept. 11 attacks like he claimed? @nytpolitics fact-checks him. 
RT @nytimesbusiness: Fans of Starwood's loyalty program aren't feeling good about the Marriott merger. 
"Right now, I think of my future and I'm scared": Refugees across Europe fear repercussions from the Paris attacks 
RT @nytimesphoto: Photos from the early-morning raid north of Paris. 2 people died and 7 were arrested 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
One analyst predicts that in 5 years, 50% of American households will have joined Amazon Prime 
RT @ABarnardNYT: So to be clear: None of the 5 Paris attackers identified so far is Syrian. 
French President François Hollande said he'll travel to Washington next week to meet with President Obama 
Sepp Blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at FIFA has failed 
Watch live footage from the Paris suburb of St.-Denis after a raid aimed at detaining a suspect in Friday's attacks 
RT @nytimesworld: Last year, ISIS was mocked (foreign fighters missed the comforts of Nutella) and underestimated as the "JV team." 

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, an ISIS militant from Belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
Rugby star Jonah Lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro 
Congressional democrats are cautiously defending the Syrian refugee program 
Much of the world agrees that ISIS needs to be crushed. But how that can be accomplished is a lot more complicated. 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 
RT @nytimesworld: Hollande Plans to Discuss “Large Coalition” With Obama and Putin 
Facebook suspended her account, but her real name is Isis 
RT @nytimesworld: By 2010, ISIS was gutted by U.S. and Sunni tribesmen. How it rose again from the shadows more brutal and determined 
Details of the Bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a Paris trash can 
Angela Merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in Germany "had to happen" 
Security forces swarmed a Paris suburb during an early-morning raid 
French police have set up checkpoints all over France, but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
The woman who died in the St.-Denis raid opened fire and then killed herself; A man died when a grenade detonated 
Morning Briefing: Here's what you need to know to start your day. 
Breaking News: Two people died in a raid near Paris, including one who blew herself up, and the police arrested 7 
When the U.S. withdrew from Iraq, it thought it had subdued ISIS. The group is now on a very different trajectory. 
RT @dealbook: News: Morning Agenda: Lyft Is Said to Seek $500 Million 
The early morning raid in St.-Denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
Aung San Suu Kyi has moved toward dominance in Myanmar. Her words have become provocative. 
What we know so far about the raid in St.-Denis 
Diesel, a 7-year-old police dog, was killed during the raid in St.-Denis 
Photos: An early-morning raid north of Paris 
RT @nytpolitics: Donald Trump Bolsters Lead in New Hampshire, Poll Shows 
What China has been building in the South China Sea 
President Obama called on China to stop construction in the South China Sea 
RT @dickstevenson: First thing to know about Abdelhamid Abaaoud, target of this morning's Paris raid: his own family wants him dead. 
The attacks in Paris reveal the strategic limits of ISIS 
The White House affirmed its Syrian refugee plan despite the Paris attacks 
Breaking News: French police, seeking the planner of Friday’s attacks, arrested 5 people in a raid 
RT @aurelienbrd: Full statement from #Paris prosecutor on ongoing raid in #SaintDenis related to #Paris attacks 
A woman hiding out in an apartment in St.-Denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
A soccer match between Germany and the Netherlands was cancelled because of a "concrete" threat, officials said 
RT @aurelienbrd: 3 men, who were holed up in the apartment, were "extracted" by police forces and have been arrested. Identities not known … Nov 18, 2015 

RT @aurelienbrd: #Paris prosecutor's office just released a statement on the ongoing police raid in #SaintDenis Nov 18, 2015 

RT @nytimesworld: The effects the terror attacks are having on commerce in Paris and the eurozone: 
Officials couldn't confirm reports in the French media that 2 fugitives had died in a raid in St.-Denis 
When it comes to Iraq, Bernie Sanders appears to have taken a cue from Howard Dean 
Police say the target of raids in St.-Denis was Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the militant suspected of organizing the attacks 
Marine Le Pen’s anti-Islam message is gaining influence in France 
RT @nytopinion: Struggling with how to talk to kids about terrorism? Start by being honest. 
What we know so far about the police raid in the northern Paris suburb of St.-Denis 
Finding the links among the Paris attackers 
RT @nytimesworld: Explosions Reported at Site of Police Standoff in Paris 
It was a game that meant nothing. Except that on this night nothing felt like everything. 
RT @nytimesworld: Facebook Activates Safety Check in Nigeria 
RT @nytvideo: Teams from France and England paid tribute to victims of the Paris attacks before a match 
RT @nytimesworld: After explosion in Nigeria kills 32, Boko Haram is suspected 
Heavy gunfire erupts as French police seek suspects in raid 
Senate votes to block Obama’s new climate change regulations 
Reports of gunfire in Paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
Storm system batters Colorado and Texas 
RT @nytimesworld: Marine Le Pen’s anti-Islam message gains influence in France 
What will it take to destroy ISIS? Experts from around the world weigh in. 
RT @nytvideo: VIDEO: Why a French newspaper for kids refuses to sugarcoat the horror of the Paris attacks 
In response to the Paris attacks, John Kerry vows "greater pressure" on ISIS 
RT @NYTSports: The New York attorney general is said to have expanded his inquiry into #DFS websites to companies including Yahoo 
French return to cafes in a show of defiance, a modern-day symbol of “la résistance” 
2 flights to Paris from the U.S. diverted over security concerns 
RT @nytopinion: To defeat ISIS, Muslim states must stop enabling mosques, imams & groups that fuel extremism 
Anger and doubt rise after Idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
RT @nytimesarts: How America's late-night TV hosts responded to the Paris terrorist attacks. 
NYC psychic admits to taking more than $550,000 from a man whom she promised to reunite with a dead woman 
Abdelhamid Abaaoud, an ISIS militant from Belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
RT @nytpolitics: Here's where presidential candidates stand on allowing Syrian refugees in the United States 
You asked, we answered: What causes eye twitches? 
Belgian police raid house in troubled Brussels neighborhood of Molenbeek 
Photos of the Day 
RT @albertsun: What does losing 150 lbs by tracking everything you eat look like? 
A rare night out in Paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
How an African King ended up running a small grocery store in Bolivia 
RT @SamBorden: On France, England and soccer's most beautiful term: friendly. 
Racism on campus: stories from New York Times readers 
Yahoo is said to be added to investigation of daily fantasy sport sites 
“This is not my time,” Bobby Jindal said as he quit GOP presidential race 
Victim’s husband tells terrorists, "I will not give you the gift of hate" 
Strategy on strikes in Syria leads to more questions than results 
One parent, on Paris: They might have guns, but we have flowers 
